in ftl a breach is a hole in the hull represented by a crack in the floor - you can see a hull breach in the room below the engine room in the below screenshot breaches slowly vent oxygen into space and also must be repaired before the system contained in that room can be repaired and so they can be particularly nasty when trying to repair vital systems in a room . the breach chance of a weapon is the chance that the wepon will cause a hull breach in that room when it hits ( i am not sure what probability " low " corresponds to )
always , always sell to re-tail . they will always buy your items at a higher price than the nook stores will . while the nookling store does upgrade in this game , they upgrade only based on the amount you have spent in their store , not the combined buy/sell amount . you can see all shop upgrades here and their requirements on their respective pages , where you can see that the only requirement is bells spent . so you are not missing out on anything if you buy from nook 's and sell to re-tail .
one of the main construction sites you have to consider making in the game is the pump . the pump not only provides you with some opportunities to further improve your town 's defenses with the strongest traps in the game , but also allows your town to obtain more water through upgrades . through this mechanism , you will be able to survive beyond four days even if nobody dies , and with good teamwork you should be able to avoid having to kill each other off to avoid dehydration . furthermore , it is possible to find jerry cans on the map , which , when purified using a water purifier tablet , provide 2-10 extra rations of water that are immediately added to the town well . i would not stave off taking your water ration each day unless you are completely unsure with what you are doing with your ap ; if your town 's organized , you will get that pump up .
i found you actually choose the play list when you select which mission you are about to go on . right next to the ' start mission ' button
i have been thinking about it myself , and i agree that it is almost always a better option to let the city stay as a puppet for a while before annexing it . one major drawback here is not only that you cannot control what puppets produce , but it is that puppets never produce units . if you are at war , for example , the ability to produce units is critical , and sometimes you just need the extra city right now . still , considering that conquered cities lose half their population and most of their buildings , their production is usually so low that making them a puppet is probably still the best choice . regarding the edit : i see no reason for annexing a city before the riots are done . you can not do anything during riots anyway , so it is best to not lose the extra happiness for these few turns . however , now willfulwizard 's answer becomes more important . if you intend to annex it soon but you want to keep it a puppet for just 2 to 5 turns , there is a good chance you might forget - particularly if you are in the middle of a war and every turn is hectic and eventful . if you intend to annex it quickly anyway , maybe it is best to just lose the few points of happiness from having the city annexed during its riots , than to forget about it completely .
quickness affects your chance to hit with ranged attacks and to dodge . i have not played a troll , but i think base move speed for every characters is the same . there are a few ways you can increase move speed for your character : equip clothes that give + to move speed ( stealth suit , ninja outfit , etc give +1 ; street brawler gives +2 ) there is at least one cyber implant that gives + to move speed ( wired reflex ) racoon totem spell gives +2 to movement for all allies within range . if your character focuses on chi casting , the stride spell gives +4 to move
no ; you can attack , but obviously less effectively than the assault juggernaut . the riot shield has a melee attack ( bashing ) , and you also get a usp . 45 pistol as a secondary weapon . the shield is mostly useful for defending ( say , a control point ) , but if you get a couple of team mates to follow you , you can also provide an nigh-invincible distraction and cover for an offensive front .
it does not mean " legendary " like in wow . it means that the item consists of mod slots , and it is primarily the mods that make up the actual bonuses of the item . the base item will still have some minor bonuses ( like the difference in armor between light armor , medium armor , and heavy armor ) . however , all unmodded orange items of the same category will be equal in power . you would choose one orange item over another based on the looks . since mods can be removed and replaced at will , it is often worthwhile to keep even the very first orange items you find in the bank even after the mods on them are getting out of date , since as soon as you buy or find some updated mods , you can bring them back up to relevance .
usually , it is the enemies that help you with your being-on-fire-dness . simply by being shot at , you will see that smokes starts to rise from your air/hover/supercraft , and that is what being on fire means . you can induce this yourself by hitting stuff like clouds , water or enemies , but that takes a bit more effort than simply being hit . however , as your plane is a superbeast , it repairs itself whenever you are not shooting . therefore , the solution to remaining on fire is getting shot and keep shooting . and apparently , this " kill 50 enemies while on fire " fails to state that you have to kill the enemies by ramming them , while on fire . embrace your inner fireball and get to work .
i would say leveling the bow works in the same way as leveling any weapons . so it uses the amount of damage you deal to determine the xp gain . so you could try to find yourself a very strong enemy and find a location from where you can attack but can not be attacked . and then just shoot at the target . also you can use one of the standing stones ( i guess thief ) to increase the xp rate . and the well slept bonus . btw . i would suggest you use the trainers for early and mid levels and books for the later levels , since the higher levels cost very much gold .
the esrb requires all esrb website council ( ewc ) members to add age gates to all websites for mature-rated or adults only-rated games : 2.2 if the audio-visual content contains material from a mature-rated or adults only-rated game ( or one that is anticipated to receive either rating ) , display an esrb-compliant age-gate prior to access or purchase . 2.3 utilize an age-neutral approach ( e . g . , “please enter your date of birth . ” ) , when requesting the manual entry of a birth date from a visitor trying to access age-gated audio-visual content ; 2.4 employ reasonable measures ( e . g . , dropping a session cookie ; returning visitor to the home page ) to prevent visitors under the age of 17 ( or 18 ) from re-entering a different birth date once they have initially been denied access to age-gated audio-visual content and utilize an age-neutral approach in the error message ( e . g . , “sorry , you may not access this content . ” ) ; source : esrb website council " code of conduct " ( pdf )
the location smoothing option , when turned on , lets you get a more accurate location positioning by using data from wifi networks and cell towers around you . it should not increase bandwidth usage , but i am quite sure it drains your battery faster .
from minecraft wiki 's page on portals : if a mob from the real world enters a portal , they will float in the portal as if it was water . mobs cannot use portals to teleport to the nether , however they can walk through them . to sum it up , unfortunately you cannot build a portal to prevent mobs . if you are playing single player , you can install the portal mod ( which is not in anyway related to the nether portal , but the game portal ) , you can use an emancipation grill , and literally wipe out mobs ( including creepers ) , at the cost of wiping your inventory .
how to : ( 1 ) start reviving one player , ( 2 ) res another , ( 3 ) finish reviving the former player . result : the former player will automatically and immediately get a second wind if they enter ffyl mode . it was patched in update v1.5.0 ( released april 18 , 2013 ) . fixed an exploit where players could become invincible occasionally through the siren 's res skill .
i think they are just there . sometimes atrus will write a world that has no-one in it at all , sometimes he writes a world where he finds a native population . while it could be argued that people migrated to the older d'ni books , the ones that atrus writes could not have this migration . also , the world where atrus meets catherine is written by atrus ' father ( if i remember correctly ) . there are no d'ni around at the time to populate it , so how did they get there ? i think each world is a unique and independent eco-system , meaning that life is bound to pop up on its own . the way the books are written it seems like they are simply linking in to an already existing world , so therefore life would already be evolving . i dont remember there being a definitive answer to this , it is one of those things you are either supposed to figure out yourself , or there is no answer ! thats my opinion on it anyway .
for 2v2: check out the bottom section of liquipedia wiki - strategies . you can learn much just by watching youtube videos and practicing things you learned there . for 2v2 , check out these for 3v3 , there are existing articles out there : basic tips early-game : defensive builds mid-game : protoss mid-game : terran mid-game : zerg end-game : options i guess that once you are good at the above the 4v4 does not differ much , i would not suggest playing it either as you will need to find more people and will have to wait longer . it is not competitive either , as tzenes has pointed out earlier in one of his answers . the maps are not made for it which can make the choice of races unbalanced . . . unit synergy of different races i would suggest every race to create his own composition of units , why ? if you create only one type of units instead and your friend the others , you will depend much more heavy on one resource . ( example : marines would be minerals only ) when controlling your army , if you are alone it is much more easier to command your different types of units so they do not accidently die . then you avoid sending in vikings over a group of enemy marines . . . if you were separated , you would have to share such thoughts with your friends and then his vikings might arrive to early or too late . when talking about different races , you can ask and plan what units to create to accompany your friends ' army . if he is planning an air assault , you could create some ground units just to distract the opponent away from the air as you both attack . . . is there some kind of roles in good teams ? this could be done , but can be risky depending on how you do it . . . for example , if you have a player that is only harvesting , his defense/army would probably be weaker and thus you will need to defend his base to counter that . but by doing that , you weaken your own base and have less units where you actually would want them . . . so , for that role for example , do not just point one out as the harvester but also plan for his harvesting to not fail as you will be dependent on it . think of his base as one of your expansions . this is probably an early-game problem to think about , maybe he initially should create an army to defend against people rushing him . . .
so i asked at gog forums and i finally got nice answers . here is the best , by the user malcolmmasher : in might and magic 1-2 , party order is very important , because some of the party will be in range to use melee weapons against the monsters , but typically not all of it . in might and magic 3-5 , the two party members furthest to the left are relevant to the bash command , but i do not think party order matters in any other way . so put the characters with the best might on the left side . in might and magic 6-9 , party order does not matter at all ( except that , yes , when the leftmost character uses an arrow/spell it will start from the left area of the screen , and so on . )
psi xp is granted for the following activities : resist psi attack - 10 successful mindfray - 20 successful mind inspiration - 30 assist mind inspiration - 30 successful psi panic - 30 you need 50 psi xp to go from psionic to specialist , and 120 xp to go from specialist to operative .
yes . hardcore artisans are account wide , not per-character .
you can bind all movement and actions to keyboard keys . you can bind " move " to a key , and it will move directly to where your mouse is pointed without requiring clicks . you will still have to use clicking for your primary and secondary skills , but if you use a lot of clicking and holding to attack rather than repeated clicking , you will not have to click too much . there is no wasd option .
the best way i have found is to go to steamgamesales and sort by Savings . i am not sure how often it updates , but it looks up to date . this site also includes sales from other websites besides steam which provide steam keys .
fraps is the most popular tool for recording in game videos . update : dxtory seems to be stealing a lot of frap 's userbase now , and according to totalbiscuit suffers less frame drops . fraps is a universal windows application that can be used with games using directx or opengl graphic technology . in its current form fraps performs many tasks and can best be described as : benchmarking software - show how many frames per second ( fps ) you are getting in a corner of your screen . perform custom benchmarks and measure the frame rate between any two points . save the statistics out to disk and use them for your own reviews and applications . screen capture software - take a screenshot with the press of a key ! there is no need to paste into a paint program every time you want a new shot . your screen captures are automatically named and timestamped . realtime video capture software - have you ever wanted to record video while playing your favourite game ? come join the machinima revolution ! throw away the vcr , forget about using a dv cam , game recording has never been this easy ! fraps can capture audio and video up to 2560x1600 with custom frame rates from 10 to 120 frames per second ! all movies are recorded in outstanding quality . if you have windows media player please sample some of the movies captured with fraps below :
there was another thread which asked why protoss was the easiest race . this was closed for obvious reasons , but i will repeat the answer i wrote : protoss have a number of things that make them friendly to new players : workers do not build buildings . instead they start buildings and the buildings build themselves fewer , stronger , units . protoss units tend to be tougher and more expensive than their terran and zerg equivalents . this can mean less micromanaging is necessary . good static defense . photon cannons provide both air and ground defense making them a nice staple for new players . strong gateway units . the bulk of a protoss force comes out of the gateway , one of the first structures you build . this emphasis on a tier 1-1.5 ( zealots , stalkers , sentries ) often makes life easier for new players . that said , i started with zerg , and i really enjoy them . also if you come from more traditional rts , you might find terran to be more familiar . in the end , it does not matter where you start as long as you put in the time to learn it .
this is a graphics bug . it was supposedly fixed during the october patch -- have you installed it ? specifically : map – terrain caching fix that could cause problems for certain video cards ( the " glowing red orbs " seen on the map are an indicator of this ) .
the minecraft wiki has a lot of info on optimal booster usage . boosting from rest to max speed requires 3 tracks in a row for v1.6 and 1 every 42 spaces to maintain it on straight , flat ground .
the list of hidden commands on the computer is as follows : no yes aniwey cedric 17 dixsept soinou 42 cp rm cd ls emacs vim vi nano startx mkdir sudo su lol pwd mv pacman tobias deinol dani godsturf mlp help command these were extracted directly from the source code .
from serebii .net, if you breed a pokemon from another region different to your game with another pokemon , you will have a higher chance of getting a shiny pokemon . colloquially called the masuda method after the developer junichi masuda , this can increase your chance of breeding a shiny from 1 in 8,192 to 1 in 2,048 ( generation 4 ) or 1,365.3 ( generation 5 ) . generation 6 figures are unknown at the moment , but to be honest i have heard a lot of people getting shinies so it could have been lowered even more . as noted by nolonar it is required that both parents must come from a game with different language . for instance , if your game is in english and both parents are japanese , the masuda method will not work . without any method , the chance of encountering , obtaining , or breeding a shiny pokemon is 1 in 8,192 . although this does not specifically increase your shiny rate , there is an item called a pokeradar which can use a method called chaining to find shiny pokemon in the wild . a good guide i found is here
apparently it ends the game from a walk though i found on the long weekend , but the ending seems to tie in with the events of the regular game , i did not read too much into it
homeless are created when low-wealth sims do not have any source of income . this does apply only to low wealth sims as medium and high will simply move out and leave the city when they run out of money . due to the random nature of resources being moved around your city ( including the sims ) it is possible that you can get homeless even with out an unemployment rate . certain buildings may just simply not get a return worker to them as they found closer houses to return to of their wealth level . homeless will despawn over time but it can take a significant amount of time and they do not help a city in any manner to keep them around . abandoned buildings will keep them in the city longer . they will also use up slots for visitors to your parks thus reducing their effectiveness . to actively remove homeless from your town you need to keep your city rid of abandoned buildings and provide a bus system . it is the bus that the homeless will take to leave your town . it is honestly better however to try and keep ahead of the curve . if you have unemployed within your city you have to remember that building more places for them to work is not the only solution to that situation . you can rezone some of the residential area for a park or the like reducing the population you have while boosting the overall happiness ( not land value directly if you use the right parks ) of your sims in the area . hope this helps .
that part of the tutorial seems to be currently broken . in a recent version ( v1.09 ) , selecting map modes changed . what you are supposed to do is to click on the + button : which will show the various map modes that you can use ( independent realms is the second button with the image of a shield ) : but doing this does not work in the tutorial right now . i think you will have to skip the rest of this tutorial and continue with other tutorials . ( there is a ▶ button for that in the lower left corner . ) this bug has already been reported by other players .
it is a ploy . you have to use your judgement . honorable people will usually yeild and fall to their knees , if you leave them , they will revert to being a friendly . bandits , in my experience , have not .
as you mentioned there is triss in the first chapter . if you follow roche is path there is also ves in chapter 2 . you have to fight in the arena and win all the fights to pursue her . iorveth 's path features a sidequest called " of flickering heart " , where , if you side with the succubus , first dandelion , and then geralt get down with the mystic critter ( and gets you drunk to boot ) . also on iorveth 's path , if you save the elven women from burning alive at the end of chapter 1 , you can find one elf woman just outside of vergen that offers herself as thanks for rescuing her . and there are of course the ladies of negotiable affection in the first two chapters .
the way you are matched with teammates/enemies actually has not really changed at all . it is still based on your rating . however , the name has changed from elo to hidden mmr ( match-making rating ) and it is no longer a visible number . you are always matched with players of a similar mmr . however , since , unlike elo , this rating is not visible , you can not necessarily see that when you check other players on lolking . what is more is your mmr does not necessarily match up exactly with what division/tier you are in , especially if you have been winning or losing a lot lately . example : you get placed into bronze 1 and start winning 80% of your games , but you lose 45promotion series in a row . your hidden mmr is probably close to silver 3 level , but the series requirement is holding you back . you will be matched with silver 3 and 4 players . example 2: you get placed into gold 5 and promptly lose 23 games in a row . your mmr is now closer to silver 3 level , but you can not drop to silver tier unless you go inactive . you will be matched with silver 3 players . i am surprised you are seeing players over a tier away from you , but i suppose they must be huge outliers in terms of mmr . it could be because those players are in a duo queue with players in a much lower division , like gold iii player playing with his bronze i friend for example . either that , or you are playing in ranked 5s or 3s . to conclude : it is not your tier/division that determines who you play with , it is your hidden matchmaking rating ( mmr ) .
go to minecraft .netand log in if you have an account , from there you can upload a skin to your profile . there are various minecraft skin sites that you can download from , including several programs you can download to make your own .
all devices that you have plugged in should show in the windows device manager , whether they have a driver or not . in windows 7 , hit the windows key and type device m in the search and you should see device manager , select that . in the top level of the device manager , if you plug in the wireless controller , you should see a top level of " microsoft common controller for windows class " if you do not see that , and the device is actually working , it should show in an " other devices " or " unknown devices " section . if that is the case follow the instructions in this article . or better yet , this article here which seems to work for people that can not get it going any other way . it says it is for vista but vista and windows 7 share the same driver model . if you plug it in and nothing happens at all , then you probably have a dead device . i believe the light comes on when it gets power , even before the proper driver is loaded . ( not 100% on this ) try it on a second computer . i had a perfectly good xbox 360 wireless adapter that worked for a few years , not tons of use . then i pulled it out of a drawer after it lay dormant for 6 months or so , and plugged into a computer it worked on before , it did not do anything . i tried a second computer , same thing . the computers did not even recognize it as a device . i went out and bought a new one at best buy , plugged it in , and it worked , no problem .
you can not manually split a stack of items unfortunately . the game will always try to stack all your items as you pick them up into a single stack if possible . if what you are picking up will not fit in the current stack or you do not have any of that item , it will create a new stack . you can " cheat " this a bit . first find the item you want to put into a new stack . before picking it up , give the rest of what you have in the existing stack to your pet and then pick it up ( or go the other way around and have your pet pick it up ) . as long as you do not take it back from the pet or give up what you have , your stacks will be split . you could also just drop the stack as well to achieve the same thing . but once merged , you are stuck with that stack until you sell it or fill it up . i know , it is a pain , but that just the way it is .
for max profit , collect the spice around the bloom first , then detonate the spice bloom . a spice field can only hold certain amount of spice in them and any excessive spice is " wasted " , aka lost . darker the spice field is , the more spice it has in it . it can also serve as good " back up " , in case you end up without any field in late game , allowing you to create new fields . also , unless my memory is playing a trick on me , more blooms will appear over time , so you never truly run out of spice .
yes it is quite possible to do this . the issue is the game mode will not be enforced until a map change occurs . so for instance entering the following in the console will give the desired effect : rcon_password fooBarBaz rcon game_mode 1 (classic competitive) rcon changelevel de_any  this will change the game mode and change the current level thus enforcing the new game mode . of note this is based on my nfo server config ( nuclear fallout hosting )
one jammer will cover the entire map . there is further discussion about the topic in the above link on the payday 2 forums , but the people who have tested it believe that it covers the entire map .
from this community created spreadsheet , these seem to be your best options : gang car 13 grand you can tell them apart from others because they are green , yellow or purple and customized rims , hoods , exhuast etc . taken from : http://ct.reddit.com/r/grandtheftautov/comments/1nn7xr/gtao_los_santos_customs_car_sell_price_spreadsheet/
how far from spawn are your players ? there is a protected area around spawn in which non-op'ed players cannot destroy existing blocks or place new blocks to prevent griefing . our smp server has no problems , so i do not think it is a minecraft-wide issue .
the following three species have the largest biomass values : ledon zoa - 35 ( 50 when on enriched terrain ) halid zoa - 20 ( 40 when on enriched terrain ) prax zoa - 40 ( requires acidic terrain ) you should be able get to the highest biomass level on meadow using only prax zoa and halid zoa using <a href="stackexchange-url plenty of compost . the level also contains phyta which only provide 5 biomass each , but will continue to grow in population so long as they are well fed , which should happen automatically if you have enough halid zoa producing seeds .
no , they work exactly the same , only differing in the soul trapping stage .
there is no system player-to-player trading in guild wars 2 . the only way to trade is to use the auction house . it is possible to exchange gold and items via mail , but there is no way to guarantee the person you are trading with will actually send you the gold/items you agreed on .
i have updated this for inferno , where armor and resistances are a must-have . some of the skills/passives listed here are not really necessary in earlier difficulty levels . i like monk tanking , and here 's what i use skills : primary skill crippling wave for its aoe slow effect , with the Concussion rune to reduce enemy damage by 20% for 3 seconds when hit active skills cyclone strike : since there is not really aggro or threat in the game , this is my main skill to keep enemies off my allies . it has no cooldown , and i use the Eye of the Storm rune that reduces the spirit cost to 30 so i can cast it pretty frequently . in addition to letting me control mobs by pulling them around , it also is the best way to groups up enemies , which makes ally aoe much more effective . binding flash : blinds all enemies around , and is awesome when used shortly after cyclone strike . cyclone everyone around to you , give them half a second to re-orient themselves , and then hit blinding flash to stun the majority of the pack . i used to use it with the rune that causes a second blind 6 seconds later , however since starting inferno i switched to the Searing Light rune , which increases the chance elites will miss to 60% . regular mobs are not really an issue for me right now , but the champions/elites are . mantra of healing : it heals me both me and my allies passively when on , and casting it provides a nice amount of regen for a short time for either me or my allies , so it is my main heal ability . i use it with the Time of Need rune which increases my resistance to all damage types by 20% serenity : this makes you invulnerable to all damage and control-impairing abilities for 3 seconds . i use it with the Ascension rune which increases the invulnerability time to 4 seconds . it can also be used when you are under the effect of a control-impairing ability , such as being frozen , to break the effect . this ability is used offensively as well as defensively , such as applying it and running in to attack and build spirit against a particularly brutal combination of shiny champions that my group is kiting ( like Arcane Fire Chain Desecrators . . . there is no way i am standing still around those guys ! ) inner sanctuary : i started using this skill because of v1rtua1an0ma1y 's answer , and am liking it quite a bit . it is great for blocking off doorways or narrow pathways to keep mobs away from my dps , or for pushing everyone away from me when i am surrounded and cannot move . i use it with the Circle of Protection rune , which makes anyone standing in it take 35% less damage , so i frequently drop it right before using cyclone strike to pull everyone to me . just do not drop it after the cyclone strike , or you will fear/knockback everything and lose control of them . i do not use breath of heaven anymore because i found it too hard to hit allies with , and typically am ok on hp providing i have spirit . passive skills transcendence : awesome passive that heals anytime you spend spirit , so basically whenever you use any skill seize the initiative : increases armor by your dexterity . this is great since it lets you still stack dexterity to improve your skill effectiveness , and maintain a high armor value . one with everything : i used to use chant of resonance or the guardians path , but now that i have hit inferno i realize my lack of resistances is a serious problem . so now i just stack one resistance , and use One With Everything to make all my other resists equal to that one . gear/stats : for stats , i tend to focus on armor/resistances , spirit regen , attack speed , and life-on-hit , dexterity , and vitality armor/resistances are a must for any inferno tank . you can get away with slacking on these stats at earlier difficulty levels , but once you start inferno you will want these as high as possible . spirit regen is not something you really want to stack , however i always make sure i have at least some spirit regen . that way , even if i encounter a nasty pack of champions and need to kite , i will still get enough spirit to use Serenity whenever its up to hold mobs still a few seconds for dps to take them out , and gain a bit more spirit hitting them . attack speed because the faster i hit , the more spirit i have , and i need spirit to keep me and my party alive . life-on-hit because with all the aoe hits i do , it is a nice way to keep my own life up . this goes very well with attack speed too , since the faster you hit , the more life you gain dexterity because its the monk 's main dps stat , and it has the added benefit of adding to my armor when used with Seize the Initiative vitality because a tank needs health , however do not take vitality over armor/resistances unless its a major difference . heals do not scale , so a bigger hp pool just means you will need to heal more . it is far better to not get hit so hard in the first place than to have a massive hp pool that your heals can not keep full . the only stat i go out of my way to avoid is Knockback . i want mobs grouped up and on me , not all over the place harassing my dps . note about shields vs duel-wielding i have always used duel-wielding because i find the faster spirit regen from the faster attack speed to be better for me than a little extra armor and block chance . i have tried using a shield a few times , however i find i survive better with the extra attack speed , which effects my spirit gain and life-on-hit . i would still consider trying a shield again if i find a really awesome shield , however i have not found one yet and have so far have tanked most of the game duel-wielding ( am in act ii inferno now ) i have actually asked another question on here about the effectiveness of shields vs duel-wielding at later difficulty levels , and am quite interested in getting answers : ) playstyle : my idea of tanking is to control the mobs , and not just be a damage soak . since there does not seem to be any aggro or threat , being able to control the mobs is more important to me than just being able to take hits ( although of course , i need to be alive to control the mobs : ) ) typical mob pulls go like this : run in and Cyclone Strike everything to me . sometimes i use multiple cyclone strikes to be sure i have everyone . since enemies pause for a second after a cs to re-orient themselves , they do not do much damage while i pull them around . wait a few seconds until hp starts dropping , then Blinding Flash to stun everything . typically i will heal back to full hp while they are blind , and can build my spirit back up . depending on my hp and what happens after blind ends , might need to use Mantra of Healing or Serenity to heal up , or drop Inner Sanctuary to knockback/fear mobs away and give me some space if mobs start to lose interest in me , or if i used Inner Sanctuary and knocked everyone away , then cyclone strike again to gather them up . remember , cyclone strike resets their swing timers , so they will have to pause , sometimes turn around , and restart their attack . depending on your spirit and mob attack speed , you can sometimes even chain multiple cyclone strikes to avoid taking much damage at all . by now dps has almost everything dead and it is cleanup , however if not , use heal skills or kite a few seconds until blind is back up , then rinse and repeat : ) Serenity is usually kept for when my hp dips too low , or when i need to break some kind of crowd control . it is cheap and the cooldown is not long , so i use it frequently anytime i feel like it . Inner Sanctuary is used anytime the environment is suitable for blocking the path to my dps , when i am trapped between enemies and need a way out , or when i am taking too much damage ( since i use the circle of protection rune ) . i will also sometimes use Inner Sanctuary right before i pull mobs to me with cyclone strike for the damage reduction , providing i am not low on spirit . on occasion i will also sometimes use Inner Sanctuary after a Cyclone Strike instead of before , which results in a mass fear/knockback and can buy some time , however typically i run with aoe dps and its more efficient to keep mobs grouped up if possible . if i do fear/knockback , i am always quick to follow up with another cyclone strike to gather everyone up once they recover . champion pulls are different depending on what attributes they have . some combinations prevent me from holding still ( desecrater , arcane enchanted , fire chains , plague , etc ) , so in those cases i will try and just kite mobs . if i am unable to kite them ( happens pretty frequently because of the way aggro works ) , then i will just run around with the dps , healing , blinding , or cyclone striking mobs off them as needed while waiting for my serenity cooldown to come up . whenever serenity is up , i will cyclone strike the champions to me and pop serenity when i get low hp , which give dps a few seconds to do uninterrupted aoe damage before i have to run out again . inner sanctuary is also a nice way to block a path or make a mob take additional time to reach a dps player . other combinations of champions i can tank fairly easily ( illusionists , wallers , vamperic , reflects damage , etc ) , so i just treat them like normal mobs by using cyclone strike/blind to control them , and healing or kiting as needed . the important part is that my role in champion fights is not necessarily to tank , but to instead just keep the champs from hitting my dps so they can kill them .
hold alt to show the names of all the loot on the screen . from here , you can even click on the names that appear to pick the items up , so you do not have to hunt with your mouse in the general area on the ground to find the loot .
you can not take anything to the island except what you are wearing . no tools or items of any sort except clothing items that you are currently wearing . note that wetsuits you are currently wearing count as clothes ( so you can take them ) but can still be used as tools on the island . though this is not a huge advantage as you can rent a wetsuit on the island anyway . tools instead will be provided by a gyroid at the island and on each of the tours . you can take any non-tour related item back to your town by leaving it in the basket in the hut when you first reach the island . all other items will be sold at an extremely low price when you go home or go on a tour .
in the pc version of the game , you can leave the game on the tree of wisdom screen for a while without feeding the tree and the tree will repeat previous tips , albeit randomly . i would guess this works for the xbox version . previous tips always start off with : here 's some wisdom that bears repeating . . . if you are not concerned with spoiling tips you have not unlocked yet , you can look at the full list of tree of wisdom tips on the plants vs zombies wikia .
nevermind i figured out how to fix my own problem , it seemed all i needed to do was reset amazing follower tweaks by talking to my functioning custom follower and going through the settings to reset aft to complete default . kind of acted like a reboot function which thankfully automatically dismissed all followers and allowed me to recruit my custom follower back in !
after getting the grapnel booster from the basic challenges , the only other reward you will receive is a trophy of the batwing , which you can view through the menu . there is , however , also an xbox and steam achievement for completing all the augmented reality training missions . ar knight complete all augmented reality training exercises
some smarter people than me decided to find an answer to this question . i will quote the findings here i used the ai to test the various builds in a very consistent manner , to try to answer the question once and for all . the 9 overlord is the best economic build , period . minerals at 2:15: 370 10 overlord can be used for 10pool and overpool , but is inferior to 9ol in every other possible respect to the tune of 10 minerals , and loses the small window of advantage it gets by building the 10th drone sooner by the time 10ol finishes its 11th worker . minerals at 2:15: 355 a single extractor trick doing the trick before building the overlord ( 11 drones then overlord ) gives a small time window of about a 15 mineral advantage , between workers 11 and 14 , but there is a cost , of around 5-10 minerals . best case , you might be able to break even when compared to 9ol , but most of the time you will lose 5-10 minerals . minerals at 2:15: 364 single extractor trick after the overlord ( 10 drones , overlord , trick to 11 drones ) is inferior to 10-t-ol in the 11-13 worker range , and is inferior to 9ol in the 14-15 range , so i honestly see no reason to ever trick this way , unless you meant to 9ol , but forgot the overlord . in that case , this is your best way to try to catch back up , because the cost is 0-5 minerals instead of 5-10 . minerals at 2:15: 369 the double extractor trick provides such a small advantage over the single extractor trick during even a smaller window that it should probably only be used exactly to 12 pool , and even then , there is an extra cost over the single extractor trick . it probably compares to the single extractor trick much like 10ol compares to 9ol , meaning that if you are doing something exactly on drone 12 , you might use it , otherwise , the single trick is probably strictly superior . minerals at 2:15: 353 ( imprecise , but again , likely strictly inferior to single trick except for fastest 12pool ) as if that was not enough here is a direct comparison between overlord on 9 and overlord on 10 ( with extractor trick ) . the image on the left is 9 and the right is 10+trick . its also worth noting that the left player has 2 drones at that value , where as the right player has only 1 .
anything over a penta kill is called legendary kill .
fishing in animal crossing can be tricky sometimes , even for seasoned players . this is because it has gone through some subtle iterations , so the best " method " of fishing may not be the same across different ac games , and is often hotly debated online . informal consensus across previous games in the series is that it was preferable to rely on your other senses -- for example , listening to the sound of the bobber or feeling for the rumble of a bite in games that had it . it is easy to flinch or get distracted by the many things happening in the game 's scene , and restricting some of that distraction may prove helpful . new leaf does not support any sort of " rumble pack , " so as far as this method is concerned you would be left to depend on sound . you can try this by closing your eyes , and holding down on a as soon as you hear the appropriate " bite " sound . a more reliable technique is to note the "5 bite limit " of fish in animal crossing . they will not ever bite more than five times . if you are waiting for the fifth bite , then it may be better to have your eyes open to hold down a just as soon as the fish touches the bobber . after you progress far enough in the game , you will have the opportunity to acquire a " silver " or " gold " fishing rod . these upgrades will make catching fish easier because they will bite down longer . hopefully by the time you are eligible for those upgrades , your fishing prowess will make them unnecessary ! otherwise . . . silver fishing rod : catch at least 30 different types of fish and upgrade the museum to have a second floor . then you can purchase this from the museum 's second floor . gold fishing rod : catch all types of fish in the game , and then speak to the fishing tournament host .
this diablo 3 craftables spreadsheet is particularly helpful when trying to figure out if you are in an area with a possible legendary crafting material drop . here is the same list in not so sortable form : legendary crafting materials : adventurer 's journal found in : acts 1-4 - various world objects used for : pender 's purchase angelic shard found in : act 4 - the great span : izaul act 4 - multiple areas : corrupted angel act 4 - the silver spire level 1: pyres the damned act 5 - pandemonium fortress level 2: celic used for : hallowed protectors set behistun rune found in : act 1 - leoric 's manor : krailen the wicked act 2 - road to alcarnus : yeth used for : mark of the magi bloody pincer found in : act 3 - tower of the damned level 2: crabbs act 3 - the core of arreat : scorpitox act 5 - ruins of corvus : balata used for : demon claw born 's key found in : act 1 - cemetary of the forsaken : lucious the depraved act 1 - defiled crypt : digger o'dell act 1 - defiled crypt : dataminer act 1 - defiled crypt : john gorham used for : born 's command set captured nightmare found in : act 4 - the silver spire level 2: grimnight the soulless act 4 - the silver spire level 1/2: terror demons and enslaved nightmares used for : night 's reaping captured soul found in : act 3 - the keep depths level 2: aloysius the ghastly used for : lai yui 's persuader cartographer 's toolkit found in : act 1 - festering woods : grimsmack act 1 - festering woods : enkidu ( ancient war event ) act 3 - rakkis crossing : lavarinth ( blaze of glory event ) act 3 - tower of the damned : gholash used for : board walker 's cultist blood found in : act 1 - halls of agony : cultist grant inquisitor act 2 - alcarnus : high cultist murdos act 2 - alcarnus : jhorum the cleric used for : blood magic dagger defiled doll found in : act 4 - the silver spire level 1: kysindra the wretched act 5 - house of deep sorrow : lady victoria ( event spawn ) used for : spite demon skin found in : act 3 - the core of arreat : axgore the cleaver act 3 - tower of the damned level 1: haxxor act 4 - gardens of hope tier 1: khatun act 4 - gardens of hope tier 2: razorclaw used for : demon 's hide set element of celerity found in : act 1 - the weeping hollow : mange act 1 - fields of misery : burrow bile ( the forlorn farm event ) act 1 - fields of misery : dreadclaw the leaper act 1 - the lost mine ( fields of misery ) : shanabi ( precious ores event ) act 1 - watch tower level 2: armorer 's bane ( scavenged scabbard event ) used for : fleeting strap essence of the twin seas found in : act 2 - black canyon mines : razormouth act 2 - sewers of caldeum : moontooth dreadshark used for : captain crimson 's trimmings set eternal power capsule found in : act 1 - whimsyshire : evil oliver used for : arcane barb eyes of the dead found in : act 1 - leoric 's passage : headcleaver ( quest spawn ) act 1 - cathedral level 2: merrium skullthorn used for : war of the dead frozen blood found in : act 3 - caverns of frost : chiltara used for : utar 's roar glowing ore found in : act 5 - battlefields of eternity : sartor act 5 - pandemonium fortress : soul scavenger ( the souls of angels event ) used for : cosmic strand griswold 's scribblings found in : act 1 - cathedral : bookshelves act 1 - cemetery of the forsaken : gravedigger 's corpse act 1 - festering woods : enmerkar ( last stand of the ancients event ) act 1 - wortham chapel : bookshelves act 2 - khasim outpost : cain 's lost satchel act 2 - khasim outpost : imperial guard supplies act 2 - zoltun kulle dungeons : bookshelves act 3 - skycrown battlements : morgan 's satchel act 3 - the keep depths : lore objects act 4 - multiple areas : angel archives used for : griswold 's perfection hilt of the silver wolf found in : act 3 - arreat crater level 1: growlfang act 3 - tower of the damned level 1: gnawbone used for : golden scourge human cartilage found in : act 1 - cathedral level 2: cudgelarm act 1 - defiled crypt level 2: mangelmaw used for : wall of man iron wolves doctrine found in : act 2 - dahlgur oasis : ssthrass used for : asheara 's vestment set living flame found in : act 4 - the silver spire level 2: sao'thall act 4 - the silver spire level 2: rhau'kye act 4 - radiant chapel : malfeas the abhorrent used for : cinder switch lyekurn 's diary found in : act 3 - the heart of sin : azmodan used for : corruption maghda 's tormented soul found in : act 2 - lair of the witch : maghda used for : cain 's destiny set mystical source found in : act 1: whimsyshire : midnight sparkle act 1: whimsyshire : nightmarity act 1: whimsyshire : team unicorn act 1: whimsyshire : creampuff used for : sage 's journey set phial of weakness found in : act 3 - the battlefields : deadgrasp act 3 - the battlefields : handible ( triage event ) used for : atrophy quaking vial found in : act 4 - hellrift level 1: sledge act 4 - hellrift level 2: hammermash used for : sunder reaper 's fear found in : act 5 - heart of the fortress : maltheal used for : reaper 's wraps rydraelm tome found in : act 2 - the lost caravan ( stinging winds ) : beyatt act 2 - daulguhr oasis : ashangu used for : mantle of the rydraelm shard of the ensteig plate found in : act 1 - defiled crypt : lord dunhyld ( the matriarch of bones event ) act 1 - festering woods : feklar 's ghost act 1 - festering woods : hawthorne gable act 2 - sewers of caldeum : shade of nar gulle act 2 - unknown depths : the archivist ( event spawn ) act 2 - tomb of khan dakab : spirit of khan dakab ( event spawn ) used for : aughild 's authority set shattered core found in : act 2 - forgotten ruins : ancient guardian act 2 - unknown depths : rockgut act 2 - realm of shadow : thrum used for : devastator shimmering quill found in : act 1 - dank cellar : sarkoth act 1 - musty cellar : gorathra act 3 - keep depths level 1: thornback used for : unbound bolt shuddering demon bone found in : act 4 - gardens of hope tier 2: koa ' ahn act 4 - gardens of hope tier 2: oah ' tash used for : archfiend arrows skeleton 's dice found in : act 4 - gardens of hope tier 1: torchlighter act 5 - battlefields of eternity : emikdeva act 5 - battlefields of eternity : korchoroth used for : skeleton 's deceit skull of raylend found in : act 3 - the keep depths level 2: bholen act 3 - rakki 's crossing : garganug act 3 - core of arreat : gorog the bruiser used for : the helm of rule sydyru bone found in : act 1 - cathedral level 1: gildewing act 1 - cathedral level 1: firestarter act 1 - fields of misery : sicklefang ( carrion farm event ) act 3 - unknown depths : hellscream used for : sydyru crust symbol of the guardian brotherhood found in : act 3 - skycrown battlements : thromp the breaker act 3 - stonefort : bashface the truncheon act 3 - stonefort : dragus ( waiting for reinforcements event ) act 3 - the keep depths level 2: the crusher act 3 - rakkis crossing : busaw ( crazy climber event ) used for : guardian 's jeopardy set torn soul found in : act 1 - southern highlands : lorzak the powerful act 1 - southern highlands : skehlinrath used for : living umbral oath urn of quickening found in : act 2 - stinging winds : erach act 3 - caverns of frost level 2: chiltara act 3 - caverns of frost level 2: scathach the savage act 3 - icefall caves : zelusa the grasping act 5 - heart of the fortress : malthael ( * may be a bug ) used for : kethryes ' splint white oak splinter found in : act 1 - secluded grove ( fields of misery ) : the old man used for : rozpedin 's force wooden stake found in : act 1 - cathedral level 4: killian damort act 3 - the keep depths level 3: belagg pierceflesh used for : blitzbolter woven plate found in : act 1 - the cathedral level 4: captain cage act 1 - the festering woods : enmerkar ( the last stand of the ancients event ) act 3 - the keep depths level 1: captain donn adams used for : piro marella infernal machine crafting components : key of bones found in : various acts - keywardens used for : infernal machine of bones infernal machine of evil infernal machine of gluttony infernal machine of war key of evil found in : various acts - keywardens used for : infernal machine of bones infernal machine of evil infernal machine of gluttony infernal machine of war key of gluttony found in : various acts - keywardens used for : infernal machine of bones infernal machine of evil infernal machine of gluttony infernal machine of war key of war found in : various acts - keywardens used for : infernal machine of bones infernal machine of evil infernal machine of gluttony infernal machine of war source for the various locations
in the most recent patch they have allowed you full customization of the ui . players can now customize their user interface by moving and resizing ui elements ! you can literally move everything that is displayed on the screen and resize/customize it all . here is a youtube video that shows it in action :
no , you cannot get a reward for the mission anymore . roy is not killed as part of the natural progression of the questline . as he is a non-essential npc , he probably died in the fighting , somehow , which means you no longer have anyone to give you your reward . this was originally posted as a comment by raven dreamer , but it is the correct answer , so i am posting it as an answer .
the chryssalid run distance in the ini file is 20 . this translates into 13 squares of straight line travel for a half-move . see the detailed answer to the " what do distance units mean ? " question . a basic soldier moves 15 squares in a straight line during a full move . given a chryssalid standing next to a soldier and a clear straight run in the opposite direction , the soldier should be able to full move out of range of the alien 's half move , making the alien unable to melee this turn . the alien would have to full move and attack , which it can not do . also note : chryssalids ignore cover . they do not seek it . they do not use it . their attacks ignore it . your soldiers can better support each other by also ignoring cover to get closer together .
the effect is mostly that you earn less resources , which means that you can not expand at the same time as the enemy and you can only produce workers at a slower pace unless you accept falling behind in unit numbers . you can recover from an early worker disadvantage by either killing a lot of his units and then expanding and getting a lot of workers while he rebuilds his army ( especially true for zerg ) or by killing enemy workers with drops while you have a similar sized army . if you fail to do either then you will slowly fall behind because you always have less resources and less units than the enemy while the enemy economy is increasing faster than yours , just because he can afford to spend more resources on it instead of on unit production . simplified math : 1 worker gathers 0.7 minerals per second ( according to this teamliquid thread ) . this means a single worker gathers the resources required for 1 marine every 70 seconds . so being one worker behind does not have an effect immedatly , but after those 70 seconds you will be one marine behind unless you skip a worker and instead produce an additional marine , which would put you another worker behind , resulting in being behind a marine every 35 seconds unless you skip another worker . continue until you are dead .
modifying your weapon is a bit of a convoluted process . first , you need both a modifiable weapon , and a weapon mod . for instance , you can only stick an smg mod on an smg - no smg means you can not use the mod at all . second , you need to find a weapon bench , or go to the armory on the normandy and use that . from here , simply click the appropriate weapon class , and then the red " modify " button . next , you want to select one of the two mod slots . note the counter here . if the number is 0/0 , that means you have no available weapon mods ( at least for this weapon ) . pressing the left/right arrow will let you browse through available mods , and the up/down arrow will move between the two mod slots . simply manipulate these two arrows until you have got what you want , and then press " confirm " on the lower left . ta da ! brand swanky new gun !
patch 1.2.0 introduced the possibility of a tie in melee games : stalemate detection has been added . this will end the game in a tie for all remaining players if no players have income , production , or destroyed structures for three consecutive minutes . a countdown timer will now appear when the game detects this scenario . patch 1.3.0 changed the parameters a bit . the stalemate timer will now reset when any player gathers resources , researches an upgrade , produces a unit , constructs a building , or destroys an enemy building .
pivots give you animus hacks - think of them as cheats . how it works : as stated earlier , pivots only become available after finishing the game once or in the epilogue after you complete the campaign . you can only find pivots while you are online ; there is a reason for that . however , the initial tutorial , which aids you in finding three basic pivots , can be carried out offline . the rest of the pivots must be unlocked online . this is because the rest of the pivots are actually placed by other online players who are also busy in the same purpose . to find these pivots , you would need to triangulate the position of these player-placed pivots with the ones you have already found . this may sound confusing , but the idea develops rapidly after trying out the tutorial . basically , placing two pivots will create a sort of border or hemisphere on the map . the green portion of the cut map will be the place where a pivot may be present . to narrow it down , you must have another pivot placed to create a triangular green zone , which should have a pivot at the average center of that triangle . the pivot is designated with a square icon on your mini-map . you can place found pivots on the map for triangulated other pivots through your map screen . however , you can only place pivots at the position where connor is standing . this means that in order to create a triangle , you would actually have to travel to the desired edges of the triangle that you want to create to place each pivot there . however , this does not apply to the removing of pivots . placed pivots can be removed simply by hovering the cursor of them . pivots aren’t present all the time though – there is a spawn time limit for every pivot . pivots will spawn on the map after every 15 minutes . since pivots you find are placed by other players online , you are actually involved in the same procedure . this means that other players can find the pivots you place for searching other pivots . when a player finds your pivot , its position will change on the mini-map . the cheat list : finding pivots will unlock 10 different cheats . this means that you are required to find 10 different pivots . once a pivot is collected , you can use the cheats through the options menu . here are the cheats along with their function : made of steel – invincibility infinite ammunition – infinite ammunition for pistols and bow season changer – player can switch seasons between summer and winter weather man – change the weather conditions thunder kill – thunder and lightning follows every kill in the game sun and moon – player can switch between day or night semi-automatic – ranged weapons have no reload time between each shot killing spree – enemies can be assassinated even while player is not in stealth recruit – obtain infinite recruit tokens ninja – enemies completely ignore you no matter what source : http://segmentnext.com/2012/11/01/assassins-creed-3-pivot-points-locations-to-unlock-animus-hacks-cheats/
after diablo 3 ros patch 2.1 , which was release on 8/26/2014 , dexterity no longer grants dodge chance . a character can only get dodge chance from skills now .
strength increases armor by the amount of strength you have , and increases barbarian damage the amount of strength you have as a % amount . meaning if you have 100 str you will have 100 armor and 100% extra damage as a barbarian . dexterity increases dodge chance , and increases monk and demon hunter damage just like barbarian 's str intellect increases magic resistance based on total int . for example , 1111 int would give you 111.1 magic resistance . intellect also increases wizard and witch doctor damage just like barbarian 's str . vitality increases health .
i decided to test it . my usual profile settings are usa with no state set . here are my results after changing my location ( called ' region ' in the profile settings , which is confusing ) to argentina - buenos aires . i was still able to play downloaded titles . shovel knight worked fine , but i had to accept a basic terms of use agreement . i could not enter the eshop or pokemon bank , and they displayed a message saying that the region ( location ) had been changed , and that it had to be changed back to access those services . after changing my region back , i had to accept a terms of use agreement for downloaded pokemon bank , but not for shovel knight ( shrug ) i was able to connect to any nnid services as though nothing had happened . the only thing i did not try was creating a new nnid . i was not sure if i would have to delete the one i have now , but i know for certain that if you delete one you will lose all downloaded titles permanently . verdict : as long as you do not delete your nnid , you can change your location settings as much as you like , and you will not lose your downloaded titles , although you may not be able to use anything that requires your nnid to be logged in from your original location .
from the unofficial elder scrolls pages ' wiki article on standing stones in skyrim : the apprentice stone on an island in a river just to the west of the line joining morthal and solitude . those under the sign of the apprentice recover magicka faster , but are more susceptible to magicka damage . the atronach stone south of windhelm , in the southernmost part of the hotwater zone , between an axe shaped lake and a ' u ' shaped lake ( closer to this one ) . those under the sign of the atronach absorb a portion of incoming spell damage and have a larger pool of magicka , but recover it more slowly . the lady stone in a lake , on an island directly north of falkreath those under the sign of the lady regenerate health and stamina more quickly . the lord stone east of morthal , up on the mountain . those under the sign of the lord are more resistant to both magicka and physical damage . the lover stone east of markarth those under the sign of the lover always feel a lover 's comfort . ( all skills improve 15% faster . ) the mage stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the mage will learn all magic skills 20% faster . the ritual stone east of whiterun , north of whiterun stormcloak camp once a day , those under the sign of the ritual can reanimate nearby corpses to fight for them . the serpent stone directly east of college of winterhold once a day , those under the sign of the serpent can use a ranged paralyzing poison on opponents . the shadow stone south of riften once a day , those under the sign of the shadow can become invisible for an extended period . the steed stone west of solitude . those under the sign of the steed can carry more and do not suffer a movement penalty from armor . the thief stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the thief will learn all stealth skills 20% faster . the tower stone directly west of college of winterhold those under the sign of the tower have the option to automatically open expert or lower locks . the warrior stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the warrior will learn all combat skills 20% faster .
radioactivity decays over time and turns into ground pollution . there is currently no way to buy yourself radiation cleanup .
with the exception of diplomatic responses that can be taken as promises and some of the ones relating to city-states , they are just flavor text . the " promise " ones are stuff like you saying you are not planning to invade or expand near them . breaking promises makes all civilizations trust you less , not just the one that you are talking to . the city-state ones that effect things are ones like where they attack a city-state under your protection and you can choose to ignore it or stand firm . i believe hovering over the options actually tells you , in this case , what they do . there is some more information on this dynamic on the civ fanatics forum .
the ability to add friends via the website is a popular feature request ( a quick google search will turn up dozens of threads going back years asking for it ) , but it has never been added . so as of now , you can only do it through the playstation 3 or playstation vita ( oddly , you can not even add friends on the psp ) .
per the ns2 wiki , resource towers provide 0.125 personal resource and 1 team resource every 6 seconds . it is the same rate for both marines and aliens . team resources cap at 200 , personal resources cap at 100 . if a player has 100 personal resources and would gain more , the excess is distributed evenly among his teammates .
i had the same problem . i finished nightmare at 47 and had to grind the last few levels to start hell . here 's what i found that was the best combination of good exp , non-tedious , and actually pretty fun . choose the very first quest in act 3 . run to the first part of the " light 5 signal fires " quest where the guard calls to watch out for the meteor and a pack of goblins runs down the stairs . go for the highest " massacre " bonus you can get . once you stop , leave game and try again . i usually got massacres of 70-90 almost immediately followed by a second one of roughly the same size ( never was able to chain them together , was so close though a few times ) . each run gave me about 2 bars of exp . it works because in the first 3 areas you get a 90%-ish chance of a large goblin pack spawning . these are very easy to dispatch quickly and move forward . you will meet the first one right at the top of the stairs . then you will either be able to go up the stairs on the left to a platform , or around the battlement to the right . go right , there is almost always another large pack of goblins . fight through them and you come to the second large area of the level where there is a third goblin clan . this method got me from 47 to 50 in 30-45 minutes .
it is one of the riddler 's items : the ratcatcher 's equipment .
just one per device . per the hatch twitter
i was able to defeat mesmeroth by just re-doing what i would done before . this time , the health " intervals " that he decreased by were slightly different , and the last time , he went down all the way . i am think that the situation i was stuck in a few times is actually a bug . there was no need to use arrows or bombs at all .
solo vs . group play i prefer solo play . that is not to say that group play is inherently bad , but in my opinion it is more likely to make your life harder than it is to make it easier , particularly if you are playing in public games . many players in public games like to rush through as fast as possible and/or split off and do their own thing , which is the #1 way to get killed in hardcore . if you are playing with people you know and can trust to play cautiously and intelligently , then go right ahead . when to move into new difficulties the progression should be relatively easy to figure out ; simply do not push yourself forward until the content that you are currently on feels too easy and close calls are almost nonexistent . if you really want specific level targets for reference , i moved into nightmare at level 33 , and most a4 nightmare players seem to push into hell around level 53 or so . gearing vitality is extremely important . when in doubt , stacking more vitality is probably a safe choice , but do not do it to the total detriment of your dps . you need dps to be able to kill things quickly enough , too . armor is also good for obvious reasons . you will eventually need to worry about resists , too , but probably not until hell or so . plan on getting most of your gear from the auction house ; it really is the only reliable way to ensure that you will have the best gear possible for your level . strongly consider using a shield , regardless of your class . and if you can find one with your primary stat on it , you get the best of both worlds . general hardcore tips by request , here are some general hardcore tips , adapted from an answer i wrote to a similar question : be patient . the best way to survive a near-unwinnable situation is to not to get yourself into them in the first place . this rule of thumb applies to everything : do not move into a new area or act until you are sure you can handle it . when in doubt , level up more and/or acquire better gear . do not get cocky ; it will kill you . when exploring an area , move very slowly and cautiously . if you see a pack of champions that you do not think you can handle , run away . do not go into combat if you are not 99.9% sure that you can handle yourself . when in doubt , return to an earlier quest ( or even an earlier act ) and grind/farm a bit more . an extra hour or two spent grinding is better than another 10+ hours re-leveling another character because you got impatient and died . always keep your gear as up-to-date as possible . the auction house makes this extremely easy in normal and early nightmare . beyond that , you may need to take some extra time to farm up gear before moving on to a new area . set as many defensive abilities as you can ( enable elective mode ! ) . my current hc character is a demon hunter , so that means setting things like vault , smokescreen , preparation , and caltrops for most general purposes . for boss fights , make sure you switch to a spec that complements that specific encounter . use a shield . use health potions early and often . clear zones around the edges first , then work your way in towards the middle . always leave yourself an escape route that you can use when needed . do not ever flee into unexplored territory . if your internet connection starts getting spiky , immediately pause the game ( if you are playing single-player ) , or town portal . do not ever risk combat if your latency bar is not green . ( pc version only ) do not ever use the " resume " option on the main menu if you can avoid it . start every new play session from a known safe point , such as a quest that starts in town . items in your stash persist when your character dies -- as you level , collect pieces of useful leveling gear that you can use on your future characters . it'll make leveling back up considerably less painful .
joining a group is a feature introduced in generation iv . players in the same group encounter the same swarming pokémon , weather conditions , changing pokémon in the great marsh , feebas location , and other things each day . group members can compare records on the third floor of jubilife tv . source : bulbapedia
the obelisks that appear on the coasts indicate where you can land a ship . the obelisks on land appear where one towns territory ends and the next towns territory begins . the color of the obelisk corresponds to the color of the player that currently controls the town ( with gray representing a neutral town ) .
i have found that the steward can be a bit touchy when it comes to offering the upgrades - the simplest solution is to either wait 24 hours and hope that he moves ( and remembers his duties ) or simply come back later .
1.0-0.5 high-sec space . if anyone attacks you there they will be flagged as a criminal , and killed by concord ( if a player with criminal flag does not lose his ship while in hi-sec it is considered an exploit ) . note that concord reaction time may vary and if the attacker is able to deliver enough damage before concord arrives you will die . 0.4-0.1 low-sec space . there is no concord in low-sec space and you are much more likely to be attacked by other pilots in low-sec . the attacker gets criminally flagged and if there are any sentry guns nearby he will be shot at by those guns . sentry guns are present at gates and stations only . there are no sentry guns at asteroid belts , planets or moons . 0.0 null-sec space . there are no laws . caution : there are some systems that show up as 0.0 but actually are not null-sec space . if a system shows up as 0.0 but there are sentry guns at gates it is low-sec space with true security status slightly above 0.0 ( for example hophib in aridia ) . true security status is a number between -1.0 and 1.0 . the game interface shows all systems with true ss below 0 as 0.0 . for systems with positive security status only one digit after the decimal point is visible . in systems with lower true security status you are more likely to find rats with higher bounty and better types of ore to mine . to find out true security status of a system go to : http://eve.grismar.net/ssec/index.php
it helps to start out on easy , where you get more scrap and ammo than normal . the only downside is a score hit at the end , but if you are having trouble surviving , score is probably the least of your concerns . do not rush things - if you have got time to explore , do so . do not get caught by the rebels , but do not make a beeline for the jump point , either . this takes practice , but try to make z or n patterns between nodes as you move closer to the jump point , so that you can hit more as you are on the run . the rebel fleet " resets " in each system , so making more or less jumps in a particular system does not change how fast they will catch up to you in the next . the other thing that is important is to try to conserve your missiles - you should not be using missile weapons at all in the first system or two , if you can avoid it . obviously , if it is a choice between death or missiles , use them . missile weapons pierce shields , so while you can take down shields and do damage with your laser weapons , you should . shields regenerate quickly , so keep this in mind if you have got multiple laser weapons - you may have to avoid the autofire and target them in volleys to break through shields and do damage . try to stockpile scrap for shopping early on if possible . sometimes your only chance at a really good multi-shot laser weapon will come early on , and this can make or break your game . beam weapons are far more difficult to use , since they tend to require precision timing - they do the best damage when enemy shields are down . while shopping , make sure you have got sufficient fuel - i tend to like to have about 20 units on hand if possible . on a similar note , if you can capture ships intact ( by killing their crew ) you can get the best rewards , including a better chance at new weapons . destroying oxygen subsystems is a good way to do this early on , although weapons systems tend to be priority targets . also pay attention to your crew - keep your crewmembers at the same post and they will gain experience for working that system , which can mean big bonuses . also , try to protect experienced crewmembers , especially your weapons officer . a maxed out weapons officer is worth his or her weight in scrap ! i tend to assign the first person in the list as the pilot , the second as the weapons officer , and the third as the shield operator . that way , i can tell easily if everyone 's in position . besides getting lucky and finding better weapons , you have also got several alternative options when it comes to combat : get a teleporter , if you have got the crew for it . having a couple of mantis crewmembers really helps . wreaking havoc from the inside of the enemy ship is always a plus . keep your eye on their health , though , as you do not want to let them get killed before you can teleport them back . find a breach drone and the drone subsystem . the breach drone is like the teleporter , except that it sends a robotic drone to the enemy ship , ripping a hole in it and doing damage to crew and systems until it is destroyed . it is quite devastating , and it also pierces shields . there are other useful drones , but this one is by far my favorite . grab the cloaking device . with the cloak , you can charge weapons while avoiding enemy shots . it is hard to do more than one or two of these strategies at once , because of limited scrap for upgrades , and because it is just hard to manage drones , precision time weapons , keep tabs on your away team , etc , at the same time . as far as upgrades go , i tend to prefer going for 2 shield units as soon as possible . then i will focus on weapon system power , and/or system power for one of the optional systems if you have found it . after that , i focus on shields again . many of the subsystem upgrades ( ie , doors , sensors , medbay , oxygen ) have less of a benefit compared to extra shields , so keep these at a low priority . sometimes , you are just going to do poorly even though you tried your best . sadly , that is the downside of a " roguelike " type game - sometimes the dice are against you . do not get discouraged !
its a known glitch that he may become stuck . if you are on the pc , then you can use the console to free him : a workaround for this problem is to use the console and type : ' setstage 76b4a 200' this will complete the quest . then type ' player . placeatme 0001403e ' while in darkwater crossing , which will spawn derkeethus . this will leave the original ( and bugged ) derkeethus still in the cave , and it is recommended to leave this npc alone to avoid further glitches . otherwise , you are out of luck .
fight early , fight often . focus on map awareness . building big armies requires big resources that have to come from somewhere . harass your opponent as he tries to expand , forcing the smaller skirmishes . limiting resources is the best way to force combat with less troops .
What exactly do I gain by destroying video cameras? police and assaults takes more time to reach you . teorically , it lowers the cops intel on you . here is a text from payday 's wiki Are hostages any more than just Trade objects for my teammates in custody? no , actually , no . also , keeping civilians as hostages counts to a chalenge in which you have to do it a certain number of times ( like 30 or so for level 1 chalenge ) . check this answer about hostages Are there different classes? If so , how do I change? If I press Tab and switch with 1,2 or 3 nothing actually happens. leveling system in payday the heist is a little tricky , but works like this : you press tab and pick between 1,2 or 3 once you level , the currently selected " role " will earn its reward ( be it a passive skill , a weapon , or a equipment ) . no , you can not choose the reward you are going to earn , only the role to receive it is next reward uppon your level up . notice that there is no such thing as class experience , you can for instance , play assault until you are missing 1 xp to level ( i mean overall level , not assault level ) and them , switch to support , and shoot someone . ( which will give you exp ) . doing this will result in you leveling your support tree and getting the reward of leveling its tree to level x . the next reward and the reward you just unlocked for leveling up a role is always shown once you level up . Is there any system to the Police Assaults?  overall police assaults are triggered over time . the time between assaults changes in each difficulty . if you stay at the same place for a while , without trigering any objective or moving , there will be more than 1 assault , which leads to the time-triggered assault theory . even tho i have not found any source that confirms this , i have tried to stay in the same area without moving and there were more than 1 assault . To the assautls end due to a timer or a bodycount?  time slice . check this out
i like to play support too . first thing about warding is : any player should be responsible for its own warding meaning that the support player should not be asked to ward top+mid+bot all the time and especially in early game . in the game ( early at least ) , the support champion has to protect the carry at all cost . he wards for him , he buffs for him , he dies for him ( nb : never die for a carry that will die no matter what you could do ) . edit march'12 : after watching some pro games on the intel extreme masters stream , i can confirm that any team has multiple player warding there lanes . even at the beginning to catch junglers . edit march'13 : unless you are playing as a team , and even with a team , this will not happen . you will be sole responsible for the vision on the map ( and failing to do so , putting more than your max ward capacity etc . but that is another problem ) . what to ward early game places you want to ward are : bushes that pretty all for the start . however , you will not have many wards , so you must chose the right spot : normal setting , no advantage on the map , the battles are mainly located at mid-map . the enemy has very high usage of their bushes and intel is more important than gank protection ( if affordable go for 1+2 in these cases ) . note that the enemy sould have a high usage of bushes for themselves ( not traps ) . low usage of bushes and traps can be dealt with your cv ! when your tower is under siege , it is better to go for ward 3 , as you would see gankers from 1 early enough . remember , jungler often stops at bushes but not always . once they are leaving the covers , it is too late . if their ganker is fast , forget the bushes and go up the river to ward . the better you know the enemy , the better you can ward appropriately . edit march'12 : with good judgement , you will managed to place the ward at the very edge of the bush , to maximise the vision range ( see next picture ) . after more practise , i found out that good use of a vision ward can get a tremendous advantage for your team . to be able to use this tip correctly , you will need to know better than where to ward . you need to know where do your enemy support wards ! if you do not have better use for it , it is time to put your cv in action . when the support leaves the lane for a short time , pop a cv to see what he is doing . eventually you will see him ward somewhere . from there , you can assume he will try to do so repeatedly . once done , get a pink and get his ward off . the best is to be able to combine warding and unwarding and with practise you will be able to put them in a good warding spot which still reveals the enemy ward . remember , a good pink ward is 125 - 75 - 25 = only 25 more gold than a green one . the following images show a usual spot where support tends to put wards these days . i am not fond of this spot because of two things : it does not cover the bushes it does not cover the river high enough and i will prefer the yellow spot instead . the only interest i can credit that violet spot is for violet team which can cover river plus the forest in case of jungler . but if you are pushing so much , you may afford to ward the tribush and the river instead . edit march'13 : deception is also a good tactic to ensure you will dominate the warding ward . if the enemy support as a pink ward , you can try to lure him into using it . the two main tactics are : putting an explorer ward ( that ward from the season 3 mastery ) . it is only 1 minute and gives only 10g upon destruction , but can do the trick . fake warding : go into a not warded bush ( usually river bush is the best for this trick ) and the enemy will assume you have done so to ward . eventually they will try to unward with their pink ward . if you can put up one of this trick : mission 's done . place your own ping ward , gain 25g and a mid-term advantage on vision ( you can only have one pink at start of the game ) . how not to be deceived by this technique : look the support 's inventory ! count his wards ( 1 pink , 2 green , 1 explorer ) . whenever you do not know what he did : just check . if you did forget to check some tips : know the common starting build price : 180g for a faerie charm , 125g for pink , 75g for green and 35 per potion . with masteries , you can usually go for faerie charm , 1 pink , 2 green and 2 potions . if support has the cookie , he also has the explorer ward ( cookie is worthless apart for unlocking the explorer ward ) another method to gain the ward war : be sure to have more pinks than your enemies . it is basic mathematics . if you have one pink more than them , they can not deny you vision . you land your pink , they unward , you unward ( repeat as many as necessary ) . how could you lose this ? you need your carry to be aware that two pinks will be up . if you can defend your pink , you will win . fail to do this and you will lose , even with one more pink . invisible enemies when facing invisible enemies , you may want to go pink as soon as they start being annoying by being hidden too much . the following two spots should cover the missing gap after your turret to the mid-map . remember , the support has to protect his carry ! so if you are ganked by invisible laning enemy and can not ward the river , just forget it . protect the local area from the laning enemies , do not push too much and use your cv . and if your carry is good enough , he might actually be able to get some kill that will surprise the stealth champion . after the laning phase , having a pink ward is also an easy and cheap counter to strong invisible champions like akali . she pops her shroud and think she is invisible ? pop your pink in the middle ( near is enough , but you probably will have your cursor in the middle of her shroud ) , et voilà ! almost guaranteed instant kill . this tip does not work so great with shaco . mid and late game the bigger map show multiples points . red one are for attack , blue for defence and yellow for special . let 's talk about yellow first . you want to know when the other team goes for dragon and baron . you will place the ward near the entrance of the wells since it let you see the all thing in case someone jumps the trees . soft yellow spot are to be placed whenever you attempt to kill the corresponding dragon so as to be able to back-off if enemy come ( or get them before they can gather ) on attack , you have the advantage and you need directions intelligence . if you can predict where the defenders are going , you are able to track them . critical positions are red and blue bush . defenders will try to get any advantage to counter the rushes you put on them . denying red and blue is good for you . small bushes near the wraiths is also a good indicator to protect you from being flanked . sometimes a ward in the enemy base is very practical to ensure they are still defending against super minions while your are killing the baron . on defence , you need to see the attackers as much as possible . so ward positions differ from the attacker 's one . for our objective we do not want to control directions anymore , but positions . note that the soft blue spot indicates places you can ward from defensive positions ( over trees , or wall ) if you can not afford putting a better ward . edit march'12 : when the position is still undecided , teams usually try to harass mid-map . two good positions to control are the following : when should you go to ward : early game : any time you can afford to lose tempo every time i pushed my lane and know i will not be able to do heavy damage to the turret and the supported champion in not in immediate need of support , i go refresh some wards . when ward has/will expired it is critical to have a good sense of timing . if you can anticipate ward expiration , you would be able to refresh it at the best possible time . when switching lane when you switch lane for some reason , be nice : drop ward for your new lane friend ( s ) . when you are losing ! if you are losing your lane , it means you are weaker . and weaker lanes are prime target for ganks , as they provide easy kills . middle game by that time , you should be gathering with your team . use any occasion when your are moving with your team to leave ward behind you . do small detour when necessary , but not too much . when not to ward : i never go warding alone on late game unless i am sure i am not going to be cornered in the forest . the ward is not worth your death ! avoid warding when you can be seen ( it is always better to stay under the radar ) : delay , use confusion or change position if you can afford it . when should i buy wards if you are playing support , ward is your first and your last item , it appears in the tab menu and in the statistics . my build uses gold items , so i buy the first element for it and 3 wards at start . then i always try to buy ward when at the base ( at least 3 if i really need other item badly ) . do not delay buying wards or you will not . when you run out of ward , notify it . refill when you can : 5 wards are 375gp . edit march'13 : if you claim to be a good support , never go out of the fountain without ward . if you can not buy an item because you bought wards instead , it is perfectly normal ! season 3 update : the sightstone and ruby sightstone sightstone and ruby sightstone are two new items introduced buy the season 3 . the latter is an upgrade of the former . sightstone works by providing a self-replenishing stock of green ward . you can keep a maximum of 4 wards ( 5 with ruby stone ) and put up a maximum of 2 live ward at a time ( 3 with ruby stone ) . any subsequent ward placed after this maximum will automatically remove the oldest ward . the item cost 950g . it is paying for itself after 3 recalls ( the pool is worth 300g of wards ) . this is huge ! furthermore , it provide more health points , making it a must have for any squishy support ( like sona , nami etc ) . besides , it allow for more situational warding . should you put a temporary ward somewhere , it will remove an old one , which should be less important at this time than the new one you set up . what does it cost you ? nothing but time . so two words about the sighstone as support : buy it ! vision ward and clairvoyance the last words i can drop here too are for vision wards and cv . vision ward are expensive , but they could be useful sometimes to uncover invisible heroes . my view on this is : every invisible heroes tends to hide in bushes before going stealth , at least in early games ( to maximise stealth time ) , thus falling in our sight ward intel . furthermore , stealth is detected by towers . i honestly rarely use those wards . and they are outmatched by a good oracle late game . but should i use them , the placement differs from normal sight wards . objective here is to cover the largest valuable area . this can be problematic on top and bot lanes , as we would be interested in covering bushes but that renders half the ward area useless . clairvoyance summoner spell is very useful . use it every time you can . with a 55 cooldown reduce at 50 by mystical vision mastery , you can literally spam it . on early game , a well placed cv ( see picture ) should be able to reveal all bushes . if you do not need cv on your lane , use it on other lanes . try to know if teamates could use it , especially junglers . if nobody needs it , check reds/blues for enemy jungler and dragons to be sure the enemy is not looking at them . in solo queue games , at start , you may want to know how the enemy leaves the fountain to have insight on who you will see top/mid/bot and their starting item . this is rarely useful with teamates because : laning postions are often easy to guess you know which teamate goes to one lane you will need it to try a counter jungling if you are only protecting your jungle , use it to cover your jungler from being gank before start . warding without cv edit may'12 if you do not have cv , you can not get insight of what the enemy support is doing , including where she is warding . unwarding is then a mix of timing , knowledge and luck . usually , you can get a good information by counting how long the enemy support is mia . short time means river bush , or that other point i do not really like . long time means dragon . your best shot when unsure remains a vision ward in the river bush . with this you can get : wards in bush ward around the bush ward of the dragon if the support has been too hasty and put it too low . warding dangers edit may'12 warding is always a risky operation . you never know when another player/jungler will show up . maybe someone is hiding in the bush . avoid at all cost dying while warding . you can stay alive with : cv to light the area you are going to having a cc spell ready for escape having your flash up being with another champion use spells that reveals close enemies or give a hint of their presence ( soraka q available , lulu 's glitterlance has a specific sound when it hits , . . . ) there may be some case for which warding is more valuable than your life . in that case , be sure to put your ward ! doing baron edit may'12 when you are going for baron , you need wards because : enemy will try to stop you enemy will try to steal nashor to avoid this , you need to be aware of enemies movements and impair their vision . you do so by : warding your team color spots putting a vision ward at yellow point putting a ward at white spot : this allow you to control enemy over the border . if you see the enemy moving in order to flash in , use your cc ability to prevent this ( lulu 's whimsy for example ) i think i am done now . good luck .
to understand why , we need to examine what would happen if healers did not gain exp from casting spells by looking at the original disgaea . in the first game , this was not the case , which led to healers being a total pain to level up because you had to specially weaken an enemy and then have the healer kill it , or rely on the team attack system . this meant healers tended to lag behind in level significantly and required more work to be worthwhile . ( healers were also under-powered compared to flonne and angels which made the issue even worse ) in later games in the series , including disgaea 2 , healers gain exp from healing to make them less awkward and annoying to level up . there is not some in-universe justification offered or anything like that , its just a mechanic designed to prevent the process of leveling one from being frustrating
there is not an enormous amount of variation , but there is some . first off , as you have noted , every class can equip all weapons and armor . every class can also make use of the various ' fart ' spells that you will learn throughout the game . the main difference comes in the special abilities available to each class through the use of power points , and the upgrades to those abilities that can be had . for example , the jew has access to a number of debuff centric and aoe attacks , including an ability that cuts a single target 's armor in half , and an aoe ability that can apply attack down , bleeding , burning , and grossed out . thieves have the ability to apply large numbers of stacks of bleeding . mages can apply burning and slow with ' elemental ' attacks . etc . there is not really a ' strongest ' class , or even a real set of pros/cons here ; it is mostly just flavor , though different movesets do have different ' qte ' triggers for bonus damage or debuffs which you may find easier or harder to time and/or activate . you can review the various skill trees at the official stick of truth website and play around with various ' builds ' . note that the ' perks ' available ( for finding more friends ) are the same for all classes , though some fit the abilities of some classes more than others . abilities , and their various upgrades are literally the only difference here . the other major difference is that at a few points in the game , you will get class-specific armor with bonuses tailored to your class and a look that strongly fits that theme . obviously the jew has the most distinctive looking sets here , but i found the bonuses - increases to damage when the new kid is debuffed - to be really underwhelming . ymmv . there are no advantages to using specific armor or weapons for specific classes , except insofar as those armor or weapons synergize with your class abilities . for example , items that provide a bonus to fire damage can be very strong for mages , but they can also be strong for anyone else with other equipment setups or perk/upgrade choices . finally , as a minor difference , folks around south park will occasionally react to you based on your choice - or at least , in the case of playing a jew , folks will frequently recommend you get a nose job . cartman will also make snide and vaguely racist comments about your selection based upon your ethnic selection at character creation . for example , he will call out white thieves as being unusual , black fighters as ' scary ' , and ' magicians from jersey ' as . . . something . there is one other difference . there is an achievement for getting jesus to be your facebook friend as a jew . however , you can do this immediately after selecting a class and completing the tutorial , by simply walking out of cartman 's house , heading over to the town hall , speaking to father maxi , and then heading to the church and finding jesus . since you can do this achievement without really playing through the game with any degree of significance ( it is literally 10 minutes worth of a reload if you had prefer to play a different class ) , i hesitate to even call it an ' advantage ' of choosing the class .
here 's a quick test implementation of using a trapped chest as a large button , as @ ratchet freak suggested . trapped chests emit a weak redstone signal as long as they are open , stronger the more players have them open . i was not thinking hard enough about how to use it , so this just stops the cart as long as the chest is open , and so is kind of useless — but you can easily change it to send the cart onto a siding for the station . key points : the incoming track needs to be straight for some distance before , so that you can easily position your cursor to hit the cart . you probably also want to have the chest a little bit earlier along the track . there must be exactly 1 redstone dust between the chest and torch . the signal is too weak to travel farther , and a block beside the chest will not work at all . do not know about using a redstone repeater .
you have to buy another recipe to upgrade the corresponding item . just go up the item hierarchy , shift-click , and the recipe ( or anything that you need to finish the item ) will appear in the quick buy slot . to see how many levels of upgrades an item has , just keep going up . alternatively , you can search the item 's name and all its different levels will be listed as search results .
switch weapon . the action of switching will cancel out the reloading . just scroll down and up really quickly and you will stop reloading and be able to shoot again .
if you have cheats enabled in your game , you can use the command /gamemode &lt;playername&gt; 1 to switch to creative mode . to switch back to survival mode , use /gamemode &lt;playername&gt; 0 . and just to be thorough , to switch to adventure mode , use /gamemode &lt;playername&gt; 2 .
did you know that you can press shift to queue commands ? you can select all your units and right click the medivacs holding shift , this will make them load into the first and move on to the second one when that one is full without you having to issue more commands manually .
ok , you need to download the unofficial patch linked from the instructions in indyk1ng 's answer , and install that . then i found trying to run the game gave an error " unable to set video mode " . to fix this , in the xp virtual machine , disable the integration features . this will lose the links back to windows 7 ( e . g . the hard drive ( s ) ) , but enable you to change the resolution , and enable the game to set the resolution to 640x480 or 1024x768 . then it works !
uberchests are unlocked by finding a lever somewhere on the same dungeon floor . pull the lever , and the chest unlocks ( here 's the entry on the wiki that mentions them ) . unfortunately , there is no way of knowing where that lever is , or whether or not it unlocked an uberchest when you pull it ; all levers seem to say " you hear the sounds of machinery " when pulled . since levers almost never do anything bad , ( except for the mass pitting mechanisms ) there is really no reason not to pull every one you come across ; in the course of clearing out the dungeon level , you will probably stumble across the chest once again after you have found the appropriate lever .
the term " cheese " comes from the adjective " cheesy " . the not-so-subtle innuendo there is that a victory via so-called " cheese " did not come from the players own skill , but was merely because the loser was unprepared for the " cheesy " tactics that lead to their loss . what qualifies as " cheese " will undoubtedly vary from player to player , but generally the term refers to exploiting system mechanics in a way unanticipated by your opponent , or otherwise not balanced around . many people dislike cheese because it is hard to predict and counter if you are not prepared for it . several examples : thor rush -- build a factory near your opponent , attack with thor + repair scv 's around 7 minute mark . photon-cannon push -- rushing a forge and placing photon cannons around your opponents base . banshee / void ray rush vs . zerg -- takes adavantage of the fact that zerg has little viable anti-air at t1 other than mass queens . proxy rush -- building a unit production facility much closer to your opponents base than your own so that you can reinforce your troops faster . worker rush -- in 2v2 ( or more ) , making no units , and instead attacking another player with your workers alone .
bonuses and penalties in civ are added , not multiplied . the +33% and -33% cancel each other out .
most of them , including your own list , will proc twice . and when in dragon form , they will even proc twice on each target hit by twin bite . notable exceptions are on-hit effects with an internal cooldown , such as spellblade ( e . g . sheen , lich bane ) . see : http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/shyvana/ability_details
note : this answer applies to minecraft 1.4.1 and earlier . for newer versions see the other answers . mobs can not follow you through a portal . " follow " meaning continuing a pursuit by entering the portal after you do and chasing you again once you are on the other side . currently , the only danger coming from the existence of a portal is the possibility of a ghast spawning by it in the " earth " , " overworld " or whatever we now call the main area of the game . the space they need to spawn there is at least 4x4x4 and , according to notch , their appearance near the portal is " extremely uncommon " .
see this video . it seems that boys of silence can be killed ! the steps outlined in the video are as follows . equip the spectral sidekick gear . find a spare weapon . drop/pick up the spare weapon until the gun has a clear line of sight to the boy of silence . get the boy of silence to turn towards you with a yellow light . take cover and let your " ghostly ally " hit the boy of silence . repeat step 4-5 until the boy of silence dies ; if the effects of spectral sidekick end before the boy of silence dies , go back to step 3 . do an irish jig over his dead body . some notes : the description for this gear is " dropping a weapon creates a ghostly ally for a few seconds " . in the video linked to above , which shows a part the level called " the atrium " , there is a weapon lying in front of some crates on the left , in the room right after that with all the motorized-patriot masks , just before you encounter the first boy of silence in the game . edit : here is an alternative method applicable to ( spoiler ) . . . the boy of silence that sneaks up on you just before you rescue elizabeth from her tormentors , near the end of the game . just one-shot the boy of silence ( in the mouth , if that matters ) with the shotgun , as in this video ; which difficulty level is used in the video is unknown , though .
as you can read from this guide , there is a stacking of dots ( damage over time ) section about halfway down that states : damage over time effects do not stack in diablo 3 . every time you use the same dot on the same target you do only reset the timer to the maximum duration . this does prevent extreme damage numbers from long time dots . the dot effects are balanced to make good damage over a longer time allowing you different actions in the mean time . they have the best damage to cast time ratio . you can also find the same text here . the exception would be dots from multiple players . no player can reset/remove your dot . everyone has their own dot counters , so you can apply the same dot to one enemy as long as it is coming from two different sources .
overclocking the sensors decreases the amount of time it takes to run a scan . when to overclock depends on your game configuration . if your game is configured such that sensors operate at unlimited range , science should be scanning the ships idly whenever possible . you will probably only be engaging enemies you have already scanned , so overclocking is effectively never used . however , if your game is configured such that sensors operate at a highly limited range , or if you have found yourself in combat and did not expect it , overclocking sensors can be a huge boon . you want to scan your enemies as fast as possible ; this way , you know what frequency their shields are vulnerable to and waste less time in movement . generally , there is no reason to overclock , but do it when you need the information from science immediately .
representation does not refund culture points from earlier policies . the way it works is as quoted : when you adopt the policy , it reduces the cost of future policies for all your cities , including ones that are already built by the time you adopt the policy . it does not reduce the costs of policies that you have already adopted . therefore , if the reduction in cost would have allowed you to adopt an extra policy ( if you had adopted representation earlier in the game ) , you will not get an extra policy for free . representation applies to cities founded after taking the policy and does not apply to the ones before as mentioned beforehand , in other words the earlier you get the policy , the better it is for you ! if you want to know more about it , here 's a link to a forum discussion regarding representation in civ v http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=414366
since soul trap can not be resisted ( well , except by corpses and dragons and the like ) , i do not think there is much of a point in stacking soul trap . but there is one minor one that has more to do with fiery soul trap 's mechanics than stacking soul trap . the fire damage on fiery soul trap is fixed at 10 , aside from perk effects . that means if you turn the magnitude all the way down to 1 ( 1 second soul trap ) , you are doing 10 fire damage for far cheaper than a normal fire enchantment . you can then add a longer soul trap and have it be marginally cheaper than if you had just made the fiery soul trap enchantment stronger , i believe . i did not look too far into it because it seems kind of wasteful , but for me the break-even point was 8-second soul trap ( so 9- or 10-second soul trap + 1 sec fiery soul trap is cheaper than just 9- or 10- second fiery soul trap ) . there are way better combinations , of course , because one second of soul trap is really all you need . there is a similar mechanic for the notched pickaxe . it does shock damage ( at 50% of the magnitude of a shock enchantment ) and grants a bonus to smithing . you get the +5 bonus to smithing no matter the magnitude of the shock damage .
it is actually true . taunting when standing on a capture point speeds up capturing a 10% . you can see it in the " pro tips " in game :
yes , generally speaking , mario kart drivers are broken into 3 main types : lightweight peach , yoshi and toad - they have the fastest acceleration and the highest top speed . toad is slightly lighter than yoshi or peach , but the difference is so small it is not really noticeable . middleweight mario , luigi - the only differences between the middleweights and the heavyweights are that they are lighter and also have quicker acceleration when going on dirt , mud etc . heavyweight d.k. , wario and bowser - they have the slowest acceleration and the slowest high speed . in battlemode you can make an opponent lose a balloon by ramming them at high speed source : mario kart central
i believe there is no factor for doing stunts , it is just the distance covered that counts . however i could find evidence both for and against the trick theory ( none of them 100% reliable , mind you ) for : http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/forum/105768-13-andreas-increase-driving-skills against : http://gta.wikia.com/statistics if i remember correctly , it was a viable technique to level up these skills by jumping a vehicle onto a flatbed train and letting it carry you around the map for a few ( or for lots of ) rounds .
edit with the race being put into the game this could not be a much better way to change gold into xp . the race will always cost you 50,000 gold and the reward is random , but hitting even 1.8m in a reward out of 20 tries would average the results of breeding metal dragons listed below . however , i am going to leave the information below as well because there is nothing saying you can not breed metal dragons while running races . based on the data i could find , raising dragons is the best gold to xp exchange granting a 4 to 1 ratio for earth dragons and a 2 to 1 ratio for fire and metal dragons . behold , a chart ! ( created with v1.7.2 data ) the above ratios assume you are not keeping the dragon and are going to sell the dragon as soon as it hatches . it also only contains dragons that can , at this point in time , be purchased directly for gold and raised . there may be some long game plan you could do with raising farms to raise dragon levels but there is not currently enough information available for me to crunch those numbers to see if it is more efficient to sell a higher level dragon vs the food costs to get it there . one last note selling and buying dragons every 5 minutes is not the least tedious thing to be doing , but it does cycle through your hatchery pretty well depending on what types of dragons you are attempting to breed .
yes , this qualifies as a kill , sadly . you can also get kills from the tranquilizer sniper rifle , and if you kill someone after you have knocked them out . people have said it happens more often when you headshot with it , but frequently backing up your saves and checking everyone is the best way to go .
keep some non natural material on hand ( planks ) and mark where you came from in a arrow like config p p p  or consitently keep putting torches on one side of the cave as you go deeper
the only things that you lose for ending a game early are : any points/kills/captures etc that you would have received while continuing to play . the ribbon for whatever gamemode you are playing ( including the winners ribbon ) . any end of round only ribbons like mvp or ace squad . it will always count as a loss on your record . you will not lose any progress that you made during the match , including ribbons , medals or service stars .
the requirement is in fact " real life midnight " , although lucky for you your xbox does not really know what time it is . to do so , the steps are : disconnect from xbox live and go to your system setting to manually adjust time . set it around 5-7 min before midnight . go to rally point alpha on requiem ( mission 2 ) . update : as slenderman points out , the fastest/most reliable way to " jump " is simply to go off the cliff right next to where the warthog spawns - unless of course you have got something against respawning . . . : ) . check your time by pressing the xbox button as you progress , to keep track . you need to hit that jump in air at exactly midnight to get the achievement . naturally this may prompt some trial and error , but its pretty easy to drive off a cliff - so hopefully you get it on the first try . if you want to go the conventional route , you can head for the big jump a little later in the level . this video shows all the details :
start with a bigger world ? if all you want is room to spread out . in civ 5 there are actually reasons not to want to spread out so much , if you want to go for culture instead . 4 cities with decent resources is plenty to get you to the modern age , with the added advantage that you will have 4-5 more social advancements than your rivals . just do not alienate everyone , so that you are able to trade for aluminum and uranium . remember that on difficulty higher than 4 , the ais cheat . they will have more settlers , workers , and military much faster than you do . you can not beat them in the early game just by outbuilding them , you need to out-think them as well . this is where diplomacy can come into play ; if you can trick the ais into starting a war with one another , it does hurt their economy ( not as much as it would hurt yours , but a little ) .
according to this thread at xbox360achievements . org , kills in the opening sequence do count towards the achievement . since my original link died , the ign strategize on deus ex : human revolution also states that kills during the opening ( pre-augmentation ) sequence do count against the pacifist achievement .
a slight work around , that would probably be better as it will turn of mobs but keep health regen off , would be to run the game on a server . you would not need a spare computer as you can run it off the same pc as the game . all you need to do is change : spawn-monsters=true to : spawn-monsters=false in the server 's server . properties file . if you are worried about them purposely changing it back you can lock the file to admin access , although if you do this they will not be able to change map .
i am not exactly sure what you are counting as rewarding ( only tangible objects ? achievements ? gold ? ) , so i will try to cover everything . pretty much the best use for excess candy corn is to give it to the kids dressed up in costumes in lion 's arch . you can give increments of 10 ( 1 bag ) , 20 ( 3 bags ) , and 50 candy corn ( 8 bags ) in order to receive personalized trick or treat bags . personalized trick-or-treat bags have a higher chance to drop the rare salvage items that you need ( plastic fangs / nougat centers / chattering skulls ) . you need these in order to create the recipes for the gifts ( gift of spiders / gift of souls / gift of the moon ) that are required for the 3 craftable halloween weapons , arachnophobia , the crossing , and the mad moon . note that only the recipe to make the gifts requires candy corn , not the actual recipes for the gifts themselves . for example , you need 250 cc+100 nougat centers+40 bottles of elonian wine +10 piles of crystalline dust to create the artificer recipe for the gift of souls . however , the gift of souls itself is made up of non-halloween items ( gift of knowledge +250 orichalcum ingots +20 globs of ecto +100 crystal lodestones ) , which means that after you acquire the recipe , that is all you have to worry about in regards to time-sensitive halloween resources . i forgot that you do need to have 20 superior sigils of the night for crafting any single one of these weapons ( just not the gifts ) , so you would also have to have a store of 2,000 cc in order to craft one of these weapons after halloween . however , like many exotics , the requirements for these weapons are a bit steep in regards to both gold cost and/or time needed to spend farming for items , so you may wish to forego them and simply flip the rare items on the trading post . eating 150 pieces will also go towards netting you the october monthly achievement , which will net you 20 mystic coins and 10 jugs of liquid karma ( you will still have to fulfill the other requirements for the monthly ) . in addition , these bags will also count towards the number of trick-or-treat bags opened for the special event achievement " trick or treat bags opened " . and of course , you can also hang onto it and hope that after the event ends , the demand for candy corn ( and other halloween-related rewards ) will rise after the source of the supply has disappeared and try to flip it on the trading post for gold . the other rare skins available in this event only drop from black lion chests / mad king chests , so your candy corn will not increase your chance to get those . note that the prices for the gifts fluctuate . keep an eye out for the 10g mark , which is cheaper than the materials cost of the non-fluctuating vendor items ( 40x bottles of elonian wine ) required to craft the gifts , so it may be more worth your while to outright buy them if you want to eventually craft them .
use howlongtobeat.com.
the team fortress 2 beta game is where the devs test changes to the game prior to rolling them out officially . it is not intended to replace the " real " game for normal play ; the rules for acquiring items are very different , for example , to facilitate testing . more detailed information is available from the official wiki .
you have to wait for a mission ( similar to " find the rebel spy" ) where someone is looking for a friend ( or one of a number of other " find so-and-so " missions ) and then find them . i almost gave up on that mission , but patience finally paid off .
you can go back and fight motorhead . he respawns every 15 minutes and he gives out experience each time you fight him . also , fighting skyscraper at level 57 nets 23,000xp if you kill him on the ground . aim for his rear end ( for critical hits ) . also ( and i can not believe i just remembered this ) , the higher level challenges unlock about 20,000xp a piece . after you beat general knoxx , the enemies are ' leveled up ' to levels 55-69 . this allows you to gain experience by fighting them again .
" tech " is bonus xp earned during a fight . it is generally awarded for succeeding in . . . unecessary areas , to put it bluntly . an example would be wakka in the beginning . when he yells , " take this ! " and throws his blitz ball at you , you can hit it back to him for bonus xp in the form of tech points . there are several other ways to earn tech points ( parrying an attack , exploiting an enemies weakness , etc . ) . the wikia gives a few more ( better ) examples than mine , though .
terraria . gamepedia . com has example arena structures for several bosses . the general idea is to make a screenwidth area with a completely flat floor and usually at least one platform to jump on , or a tower of equally spaced , long horizontal platforms for floating enemies like skeletron or the eye of cthulu to avoid their attacks better . material does not matter other than the floor should be solid and you should use wood platforms for the other sections so you can jump up/down at will . walls are rarely useful for arenas so leave them off unless there is some reason you need/want them . note that the wall of flesh will need a much much longer arena ( a straight platform really ) than other bosses . as far as decorations just use anything you want that is a background later item ( like beds , torches , anything the player walks over ) . if it does not obstruct your movement it does not get in the way .
checking both cheatcc and cheat code guides there doesnt seem to be an invincibility code , links below . http://www.cheatcc.com/xbox360/starwarstheforceunleashed2cheatscodes.html http://www.cheatscodesguides.com/xbox-360-cheats/star-wars-the-force-unleashed-2/
progress wars stores several cookies in your browser which it attempts to retrieve at each session to figure out your progress in the game so far . among these cookies are the cookies that allow the game to retrieve your level and progress each time you open the game site . if you cleared your browser 's data recently , you will have gotten rid of the cookies . also , your browser might be configured to delete cookies automatically when your session ends ; check your preferences . edit : recovering your progress : if your browser supports editing of cookies or if there exists an add-on which allows you to edit your browser 's cookies , you can " recover " your progress , although it can be considered cheating . on firefox : install this add-on or something similar tools > cookie editor find the cookie listed for progresswars . com called level . change the value to one below the level you were at when your progress was lost . refresh and click the progress button . you will be progressed to the next level and it'll be as though you reached the level through amazing dedication to progression . on chrome : tools > preferences > under the hood > content settings > cookies > show cookies and other site data same process as with firefox from here on in .
actions that increase your security status would be killing npc pirates in missions or asteroid belts . a decrease in security rating is given to those that attack people without wardecs in high security space or low security space . no penalty is given in nullsec . you cannot increase the rating itself by skills , but the skill " fast talk " in " social " nets you 5% bonus per level to effective security rating increase , which means you get up to 25% more each time you are awarded an increase . a low security rating will award you with being hunted down by the navy of the system and your ship getting killed . an overview when this will happen : source you are not attacked by concord though , which would render you unable to do anything in highsec . also , other players are allowed to attack you since you are a criminal so never afk travel when you have a low security rating .
power is a character 's health . technique is a character 's skating skill , and how good they are at doing tricks . i forget the exact mechanics of this , but i think you will gain speed faster in grinds ( making it possible to more easily reach tough locations ) and get a better rating . graffiti is how good the character 's tags are . this makes tagging more difficult , but will net you a better rating . each character also has a different spray can capacity , separate from the listed stats .
this question is fairly broad . home security is going to need several different pieces to deal with the different behaviors of the different mobs . additionally , if you care about the defenses " fitting in " to the overall look of your home/biome , then some solutions may not be acceptable . furthermore , some biomes can have more options , for example deserts can take advantage of the sand and it is obeying gravity . despite those , here are some suggestions . general guidelines the best way to prevent spawning monsters is to light the place up . the light level of the spawning block must be 7 or darker another good way to prevent monsters from coming close is to put a fence around your land . spiders can climb fences and endermen have a chance of teleporting , but other mobs will be stuck . however , skeletons can shoot over the fence . yet another option would be to build upward . make your main level a couple blocks above the ground and bring the outer walls down . this way mobs are stuck below your door without falling into anything . alternatively , you can just dig a trench that enemies cannot jump out of . or even make one deep enough that the fall damage kills the enemies . the damage formula is (# blocks) - 3 = damage additionally , redstone can make for some creative solutions to protecting your home . with the addition of the daylight sensor you can even have defenses only active at night . spiders can climb walls , so we need to figure out how to stop that . spiders cannot climb over signs . you could also include a lip or ladder at the top of the wall . since spiders are 2 wide and 2 long , planting cactus around your house will damage spiders as well , though i believe you need to add extra to the top if you want to fully kill it before it crosses the top . skeletons shoot arrows . sugar cane used to be able to block projectiles , but that has been patched . you can use glass in your windows to avoid taking damage inside your house . to avoid them reaching your house , you can use a ditch or moat similar to zombie/creeper defenses . endermen hate water ( and lava ) , though they are normally neutral . if you can cover spaces around your house with water , that can help prevent them from teleporting near . they also require and area 3 blocks tall , so having a roof can prevent their teleporting/spawning . creepers hate cats , cannot destroy obsidian , and do not damage blocks when in water . witches are kind of like smarter zombies . when damaged , they try to heal . when under water , they drink potion of water-breathing . when on fire , they drink potion of fire resistance . they also use splash potions as weapons , making them ranged enemies . best option here is probably to just use a ditch and get them stuck . zombies come in many shapes and sizes . some can even fit through a 1 block hole . to defend against them , you can have a moat of that directs them away from your door , have a moat of lava that kills them , or have a pit that traps them . slime is unlikely to be bothering you , but if you have some problems with them they can mostly be dealt with similar to zombies .
a spawner stores all it is properties in a tile entity , which is why they cannot be moved by pistons . using mcedit you can make spawners with different mobs , and there are filters out there to change the types of entities and change the spawn rate .
item perks like movement speed or life steal are individual and not shared with your party or follower . class skills , on the other hand , can imbue party members and your follower . you get 20% of your follower 's added magic find , gold find , and xp bonuses . 1 you followers do not have drops and only add to your stats . you get none of your follower 's resource bonuses , and strength , dexterity , and intelligence perks increase damage for the templar , scoundrel , and enchantress , respectively . 2 +vitality gear adds 10 follower hp for each point .
no . summoning durnehviir is not a conjuration spell - it simply functions in the same way as one , therefore obeying the same rules . only casting conjuration spells on valid targets increases the skill . how i can be so sure - i have got a variety ( if i tell you exactly how many , that means admitting how much time i have spent in tamriel ) of high level characters . i have never summoned anyone with most of them , and the only places they have ever earned conjuration skill points has been books . i had a quick check before posting , and summoning durnehviir did not change the progress at all on the little bar which tracks progress in a skill .
there are many theories about the ending of limbo . this article gives a good summary .
according to this reddit thread , it should be possible to create a new steam library on the external drive , and then copy the games from the old install directory to the new library . yes . you have to make steam create the directory first . then copy the games into the directory afterward . it will not let you create the directory if it is not empty . then afterward just install games like normal and it will " detect already installed data " when it tries to install your game and jump to 99% and then complete .
minecraft is written in java , so it should " adapt " itself to both 32-bit and 64-bit systems ( depending if you have a 32-bit or 64-bit java runtime ) . while minecraft itself is not optimized for 64-bit , it will take advantage of jvm optimizations for 64-bit processors . basically , this means more general-purpose registers available ( 16 in 64-bit against 8 in 32-bit , which means better machine code and less ram access , improving performance ) and larger addressable memory . on the other hand , since now pointers take up twice as much space , there is a little extra overhead for using 64-bit . but you should also think about the operating system , as it will also take advantage of 64-bit improvements . if you have more than 2gb or 3gb of ram , your operating system should be 64-bit , else it will not access all ram ( or will have a considerable overhead doing so ) . and if you have a 64-bit operating system , you should also go with a 64-bit java runtime for better performance ( as other users already commented ) . by the way , in my opinion , you should always go to 64-bit unless you have a very good reason to avoid it , like compatibility reasons ( which is not this case ) . related question on stackoverflow : does java 64bit perform better than the 32bit version ? wait a minute ! i talked code written in java , but how about native libraries ? like opengl support and openal ? they are available on both 32-bit and 64-bit versions , and the correct version will be loaded . and i can confirm that on my linux 64-bit system , it loads the 64-bit version of those native java libraries . ( as an experiment , i have deleted the 32-bit versions and minecraft still runs fine )
antimatter is the t1 ammunition that does the highest damage , though with a -50% optimal range penalty . void is t2 ammunition , so you need to be able to use t2 blasters to use it . it does more damage than cn antimatter under ideal conditions , but it also uses 25% more capacitor , has -25% optimal range and -50% falloff , and a -25% tracking penalty . the damage difference is also not that high , it is about 11-12% . while this is certainly significant , it is offset by the tracking penalty in particular which can easily make the applied dps much lower under real conditions . here is a damage graph for a merlin shooting another frigate with neutron blasters while they are not moving at all : void does more damage up close , put even here you can already see that you pay for that with less flexibility in range . but this example is rather unrealistic , in most cases the frigates would be orbiting each other . and at orbit speeds of around 500 m/s for my example merlin void loses the advantage completely . void also has a much lower distance range where it deals high damage , so you have to be more careful about setting your distance to the target : but what happens when i shoot at something larger like a battlecruiser and not another frigate ? here 's the graph for that : void clearly is better in this case , the large signature radius of a battlecruiser eliminates the tracking penalty . in short , while void is not a bad choice by any means , cn antimatter has fewer drawbacks , does similar damage or even more in many real situations and is generally more flexible . void is still the best choice if you are shooting at a ship a class larger than your own , or if you know that tracking is likely not going to matter . personally i usually take some void with me in addition to cn antimatter and null ( must have ammunition ) .
when you kill someone with explosives and their body parts fly around - that is a gib kill . you can also gib kill yourself . " gib " more or less means a fragment or a body part of a killed/destroyed character .
the short answer : there are two seperate and distinct strains of super mutants , those bred on the west coast at the mariposa facility ( seen in fo 1 , 2 , and new vegas ) , and those from the east coast , bred at vault 87 ( seen in fo3 ) . they are both the result of experiments with the forced evolutionary virus ( fev ) , but the use of differing strains produced two distinct super mutant populations . the same name being used for both populations is largely the result of the brotherhood of steel bringing the term east with them from california . that said , the fev 's effects vary wildly across different populations - the mariposa super mutants come in a variety of strains ( i.e. . nightkin ) with varying levels of intelligence , and on the east coast , we see in fawkes that not all vault 87 super mutants are completely dumb . furthermore , the vault 87 mutants show a level of cohesion , organization , and planning that is not reflected in their admittedly limited linguistic capability , so they may not be as dumb as they look . finally , i would not call the west coast super mutants ' friendly ' per se . while it is true that there are a few that are not violent and hell bent on the destruction of humanity , they are still the exception rather than the rule . the wiki article on super mutants has more details , and the links to the vault 87 super mutant page in particular is helpful in explaining the distinct origin of the east coast mutants , as well as where in game in fallout 3 to look to learn more about them and their history .
open the config file and change toggleconsole to any key ( i used "-" ) . save the file , then right click on it , choose properties , and set as read only . when in game , open the console and type sv_cheats 1 , then noclip 1 . close the console , get out of where you were stuck , open the console again and type noclip 0 . worked for me !
protoss units and structures : observer photon cannon single player only : purifier ( safe haven on level brutal ) terran units and structures : raven missile turret single player only : science vessel abilities : scanner sweep ( orbital command ability ) emp shot ( ghost ability ) will reveal cloaked units for a short time zerg units and structures : overseer spore crawler single player only : spore cannon single player only : kerrigan abilities : fungal growth ( infestor ability )
it is just very , very tricky . the rule of thumb is to watch the animation . the common mistake is to try and link too soon - you literally have to wait until the last animation has finished . also , some moves just do not link . the timing windows in sfiv are really strict - which allows for a real range of skill levels . generally speaking , to get long combo strings out , you need to work more with lights and mediums - so you might jump in with hk , standing lp , crouching lk , crouching lk there are several methods for linking moves : cancelling : most common , where you break out of a normal by executing a special . same goes for specials to supers , and supers to ultras . focus cancel : where you execute a move but hit the focus attack during it to cancel , generally used in the opening of a special kara cancel : you start a move , but hit throw during it , allows you to throw from extended range . have yet to pull this one off plinking : hitting a descending strength of attack almost simultaneously - i.e. hk -> mk here 's a combo for you to try that should give you a feel for it akuma : you will get a good six hits out of it .
no , the statistics on the weapon do not matter . the purpose of this glyph is to allow you to customise the aesthetics of your summonable pet by changing the weapon it wields . many of the weapons that are recommended for the looks at the time this glyph was first added are , in fact , level 60 raid gear from vanilla . as the statistics on the weapon do not matter , neither do gems , enchants , or reforging .
charmander , bulbasaur , and squirtle cannot be caught in pokémon platinum , likewise for all of their evolution chain . they can only be obtained by trading from a different game . you can either get them through firered/leafgreen via pal park ( a place to trade pokémon from the 3rd generation ) , or you can obtain them in heartgold/soulsilver and trade them over . pikachu can be found at trophy garden , which is the grass behind the pokémon mansion south of hearthome . they should be available at all times , if my memory serves correctly . i believe they are no higher than 20 , which is plenty sufficient to get all the evs you need . a note , however , is that you do not need to worry a lot about levels on non-legendary pokémon that you catch . any breed-capable pokémon can be hatched from an egg , which results in a new one starting at level 1 . this is also advantageous as you can use breeding to get a better moveset than naturally possible . so even if circumstances result that you can only trade a fully levelled one of any of these 4 pokémon , you can always breed it to get a low level one ripe for your own training needs .
keep upgrading your sword as much as possible , you should also eat a lot of candies which affects your hp and damage .
the double anarchy is by far the fastest firing smg . every ' shot ' results in 4 bullets traveling to the target but expends only 2 rounds of ammo . i made this video to compare my double anarchy with a hellfire mentioned in portali5t 's answer . note that even with a 82 round clip compared to 55 , the double anarchy runs through the clip at a much faster rate . the drawback to any gun with the anarchy mod is that its highly inaccurate , unless you find a good one with a high zooming scope . and here are the comparative stats :
i personally spawned a shotgun and used it to destroy the barrels and that was it . so basically i think the easiest way is to spawn any type of weapon and use it to destroy the barrels ( when you hold the weapon , click on barrel , then click on attack option ) . there might be more ways to solve that one , but i think destroying them is the simplest and fastest way .
there is a loop that you can use to make money but to do it effectively with out waiting all the time , you should take advantage of a neat ' bug ' in the game where you save your game , kill a shop keeper , reload the game , and see that the shop keeper has new inventory . you will need a bit of starting gold , 1000 should do it , as well as a good enchantment for weapons . damage stamina is fairly common even at a low level and is one of the better paying ones ( you can almost always be guaranteed this enchantment from the whiterun axe ) . with those in hand go to a smith and buy 4 pieces of iron ingots/ore for every 1 piece of leather ( note with varying costs of purchase i can not give you exact prices , and note that leather is actually more expensive than iron , especially if you can find it in ore ) . spend around 300-400g on this , you should easily be able to buy enough materials to make 6-7 daggers . smelt the ore into ingots and make the leather into strips then smith as many iron daggers as you can from them . head over to a wizard who sells soul gems and is near an enchantment table . purchase with all your remaining money petty gems that are already filled ( they should cost around 100g ) . save your game , kill the wizard , reload your guy , buy any more filled petty gems you can . keep doing this until you either run out of gold , or you have the same number of petty gems as you do iron daggers . head over to the enchantment table and put your enchantment on each of the daggers . you will want to make sure that you raise the worth of the dagger to atleast around 300-400g each . this will cover the price of the materials and even make you a bit of a profit when yuo sell them for 150-200+ gold . ( will depend on your skill level in enchantment ofcourse ) . now , go back to the smith . sell off all of the daggers they have the money to buy . save the game , kill the smith , reload , sell off any more . at this point in time you should also be starting the process all over again ( ie , start buying ore and such while selling off the daggers and resetting the inventory ) . always leave yourself enough to buy a handful of petty gems to enchant the daggers , as that is how you make them worth enough to cover the costs . using this loop you can max not only smithing but also enchanting and as you progress , make yourself a nice little nest egg of cash . a word of note , the price of enchanted weapons seems to go down the better your skill gets . i have not worked out the details entirely to know how to advice on this . i will generally unlock the perks that raise my skill to give them a boost in their effectiveness , but i have seen time and again that unlike alchemy which increases their value as you increase their effectiveness , weapons seem to degrade slowly .
first , i have no idea . but after firing up a test game with me and an ai in a team ( with 4 other ai players ) the evidence seems to indicate you do need to influence your teammate . first , the victory screen shows my teammate as one of the ' targets ' in the cultural victory progress : second , the culture overview screen for victory indicates i am influential with 0 of 5 other civilisations , implying i need to influence my teammate as there is only 4 other players . i am not claiming this is a definitive answer , but until we have some strong evidence ( someone winning or not when all players except their teammate are influenced ) this is probably the best we have got .
a large part of spore is about community-created content , but if you look for gameplay on youtube you are only going to find videos people recorded to share with other players . so i would not consider that meaningful . whether galactic adventures makes the game richer is really a matter of opinion . it adds some features , listed on their site , and more parts , etc . to customise your species -- so if you enjoyed the vanilla experience then you might find that it improves it .
the standard movement speed is as fast as it gets in diablo 3 . there is no run/walk toggle because you are now always running . stamina no longer exists , and there is no real reason to ever move at a slower pace . as for running faster , however , there are items that increase your movespeed . you are most likely to find this affix on boots , although it also exists much more rarely on other items . here is a partial list of affixes discovered so far and their properties . what you will be looking for are boots that are quick or nimble .
no , i have tried this twice . you just get the standard rewards from clearing the bounties in the act . if you talk to tyrael after completing the last act , he can even incorrectly suggest that some other town needs your help . do note that two acts grant double the usual number of blood shards when you complete the bounties for those acts ( marked with " bonus " on the world map ) . so it is worth at least doing two acts worth of bounties before making a new game .
the quest is apparently abandoned ( if you do not complete it yet ) after that citadel mission ( gets marked as complete ) and bioware completely writes out kasumi from the game with no explanation .
as far as i know , you can not do that . if one of you wanted to play single player , then you could possibly set one computer to offline mode before starting the game , and then the other person should be able to log in on the other account and play multiplayer , but both of you being online at the same time should not be possible . keep in mind , this is technically not allowed . steam 's agreement says you are not allowed to share your account or your games , that includes your fiancee . i do not think they actually do anything about it as long as you are not talking about it on steam chat or their forums . however , you still risk losing your account and all your games when bypassing their rules . edit : that said , steam is currently beta'ing a way to designate multiple computers as allowed to share an account for exactly the purpose you are asking for . as it is in beta right now , i do not have the details , but you might try looking into this .
other than having a low item and level dependency ( as mentioned here ) a good roamer needs to be able to do a few things : counter-jungle deny the opponent 's solo gank i will talk about why each of these are important , and what champions other than alistar fit these roles very well . counter-jungling counter-jungling is simply screwing with the enemy jungler . junglers are countered by stealing their buffs and denying respawn . stealing buffs can be crippling to many junglers , as buffs are needed for clearing the jungle faster and ganking . for example , a jungler without crowd control needs lizard to slow when ganking . a jungler who needs their abilities to jungle effectively ( nunu/shaco ) relies heavily on golem . stealing either of these will not only deny the jungler experience but likely prevent them from ganking other lanes , making your allies lives easier . denying respawn is simply done by killing the highest experience value creep in a camp of the enemies jungle . this gives less experience to the enemy jungler and the creeps will not respawn until the jungler kills the entire camp . good creeps to do this with are the big banshee , big wolf , lizard , and golem . keep in mind that going for enemy buffs is extremely risky ; most teams will actively protect their jungler and you might mind end up in a 1v3 . a roamer needs to be able to deal with this . denying solo simply put , prevent your opponent 's solos from getting experience . running into a lane and harassing the solo enough that they have to blue pill back home is basically all that you need to do . this gives your team 's solos some free time to level and get last hits without harassment . ganking this largely happens along with denying solo . in order to do this a roamer needs crowd control so that your allies can get in to do damage . even if your gank fails , as long as you manage to get the enemy champion to blue pill back home you have successfully given your allies an opportunity to freely farm their lanes . an important thing to remember is that you do not want to get the kill from a gank , unless the target will escape without you taking the kill . it is more important for your carries to get the gold in order to carry your team late game . the glue that keeps it together to accomplish the above goals you need to move quickly . this usually depends on the boots you choose , but getting the gold for those boots can be difficult as a roamer , so inherent speed is important . the less time you spend getting from lane to lane the less experience you will lose while traveling . although this is not a huge deal , because you losing experience means your allies are gaining more , you still need to be able to travel quickly in order to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves . fast traveling means you can run to the enemy jungler when you see him at the buff you warded , run to a lane to gank , or escape from a nasty scenario where the enemy team decides they do not like you roaming . alternatives to alistar addressing all of the above roles , i have a few champions suggestion other than alistar . as stated in other answers , a champion who can jungle tends to make a good roamer , because both roamers and junglers have similar roles ( deny solo , gank , counter-jungle ) . nunu in particular is a great roamer because of his abilities . consume is a natural smite , ideal for stealing buffs . my games usually start with me warding the enemy lizard or golem ( depending on the enemy jungler ) , and waiting until they bring the creep down low so i can flash in and consume . if that proves too risky i waltz to the banshees and consume big banshee for an easy respawn denial . blood boil is a great way to get around the map quickly , especially with boots of mobility . less time traveling means you lose less experience and get more opportunities to be present for a gank or push . you can also cast on an ally to make them even deadlier during a gank while still getting the advantage for yourself . ice blast is a wicked ganking tool , providing a massive slow that is a nice lead into the ultimate absolute zero . the combo should give your allies plenty of time to run in and take out the target , but be careful not to take the kill with absolute zero 's high damage . evelynn also makes a good roamer . her ganking is ridiculous , and i will not bother going over how it works . instead of stealing buffs , unless you have smite , she tends to be more effective at scaring off junglers when they try to take a buff . especially at level 1 , many junglers get very low hp while taking golem or lizard . it is an ideal time to kill them with a stun/ignite , or at least scare them off . if you take an ignite/smite combo you might get both a kill and a buff ( win ! ) . going invisible makes evelynn impossible to catch early game unless someone invests in an invisible detection wards ( which will not happen ) , so there is little risk to counter-jungling . her ultimate provides a massive speed boost around mid game , making her a very fast traveler , especially with boots of mobility . there are plenty more roamers that i will not care to mention but given the criteria it should be easy to point out which of your favorite champions can make a good roamer .
i fought the penguin ufo last night . you can get it from him . a nice tactic is to use your universal tool and trap him with dirt , so he does not spawn penguins . just hold him in place while you kill him . to spawn a penguin ufo , use a distress signal
i used the boots and obsidian crown and enchanted monkey staff to fire loads of fireballs . then when he came near me i teleported and jumped around !
what does it say when you try and hit it with projectiles ? what kind of combinations are good at beating the game ? &nbsp ; konami code ? &nbsp ; press ↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → b a
yes , there is a different booster . you need cloak booster module , which provides following benefits : cloak strength +20% cloak regen speed +20% cloak recharge time -20% cloak disruption time -20% ( invisibility time lost to shooting or getting hit ) ¨ source ( s ) : http://spacepiratesandzombies.com/mediawiki/index . php ? title=cloak_booster_module http://spacepiratesandzombies.com/
if you ask your facebook friends , they will be prompted to play the game . if they refuse or have blocked the app , you will not get the ticket . if they play , ( i believe ) they can give you one ticket towards each ticket checkpoint without any impact to their game . in addition to spamming your friends and spending real money , you can also earn free tickets by replaying levels from the previous set in so-called " mystery quests " . note that if your game is linked to your facebook account , this option is unavailable ! you can enable it by temporarily taking your device offline or removing your facebook account in the options . after passing a quest , you must wait 24 hours before you can try the next . i have heard multiple people mention that you can skip the wait by modifying your device 's clock . there is a particularly complete description of how to do this in a comment here . once you have cleared the three bonus levels , you will be allowed to continue .
it is possible to use voice chat on xbox 360 . but you can not use it as a telephone device . note* it only works when communicating with another xbox 360 . you can not even chat with an xbox one as you can see here , and in the comment of claus . plug the headset in your controller and create a party on xbox live to voice chat with your friends .
my wife has had this problem . i recruited her from onyxia , but we play together on ghostlands--the result is that every time she logs in , it defaults to onyxia . according to what i read , the only thing you can do about this is wait . once your raf time runs out with whoever recruited you , your realm default can be set to whatever you want . but as long as you are still raf linked , you are going to default to the realm the person was logged into whenever they recruited you .
if you pause the game and go to the menu ( using the + button on the wii u , i am unsure about other platforms ) there is an option for ghosts with three settings : all , friends only , and none . personally i find friends only better than all . but i have no friends :- so all i see is ghosts of my own prior attempts which i find far less distracting than ghosts of other players ( especially when they play as other characters ) . you will obviously want none to disable the ghosts completely . on a side not i find that the ghosts distract me much more on distance challenges where you are racing against the flames and you have to go as far as you can . on time challenges where you need to collect as many lums as you can i actually find that the ghosts help me a lot . here 's what it looks like on the wii u . i am not sure about what other platforms would look like :
when a follower mysteriously disappears , there are one of three things that have happened : they are dead . sorry . if you want your stuff , you will want to find where they died . if she was with you up to just recently , backtracking should not be too difficult . they bugged out . this one 's pretty easy to resolve : enter a new area or fast travel somewhere . they will be right behind you . they went home . this is what the message refers to . return to where you picked them up originally : in the case of lydia , that means breezehome ( if you have purchased it ) or dragonsreach in whiterun .
trevor g is correct , they are used for creating dragonplate and dragonscale armor . to craft the entire dragonscale set , you will need 10 dragon scales . if you want the dragonscale shield as well , that is another 4 dragon scales . you will need an additional dragon scale for each of your dragonscale armor pieces in order to improve them . to craft the dragonplate set , you will need 12 dragon scales and 5 dragon bones . the dragonplate shield is another 3 dragon scales and 1 dragon bone . dragonplate armor and shields both need a dragon bone in order improve them while dragonplate helmets , gauntlets and boots need dragon scales .
there is no easy answer to this because it depends heavily on the rest of the terrain generation that has already been done before the game checks for valid dungeon placement locations . when a chunk ( a 16x16 wide piece of the world ) is generated the game tries 8 times to place dungeons in the chunk , centred on a randomly-chosen block between bedrock and an altitude of 128 . first it picks a dungeon shape for the location , then it checks to see if it is a legal dungeon location . it will refuse to place the dungeon if it is above ground , or if where its walls would be placed are not exposed to air , or if six or more vertical sections of its walls would be visible . that means that it depends on there being air pockets underground , but not too many of them around the spot it randomly tried to place a dungeon . as a result , there is no guarantee of a dungeon appearing in a chunk , and it is theoretically possible for a chunk to contain up to eight dungeons . beyond that , it is almost impossible to say what the frequency is , since the game is not using a simple percentage chance . there is no way to turn off dungeon spawning . the game options claim that setting " generate structures " to off will disable dungeon generation , but in reality dungeons are generated in a part if the code that does not check that option . the only way to prevent dungeons from spawning is to have no legal locations for them , which can be accomplished by making a flat world that has only a few layers of ground .
short answer : as it seems for me only for the runes of the engineer . these are the recipes i found who uses iron ore : minor rune of the engineer major rune of the engineer superior rune of the engineer i have not found othere recipes for it , but maybe another user may know more than me . edit : well , just look on the iron ore wiki page and look for recipes -> leatherworker . seems as my mentioned runes are the only recipes that need iron ore .
i think the answer is somewhat subjective , but here is my take : i personally find zerg to demand more micro than other races . the queen requires more upkeep , and for me to use it correctly i need to remember when i actually need to spawn larva , on which base , need to have an exact plan of what to do with this extra larva , need to remember to spread creep all the time . . . by comparison , the terran 's mules and protoss ' chrono boost are easier to use correctly ( imo ) . since these abilities ( mule/chrono/queen ) are so essential to almost any strategy , i hardly play zerg . i also tend to focus on units that require less micro . with protoss , i hardly use high templars because they are so fragile , and if caught off guard they will simply die easily ( without using their special abilities i think they do not even have an attack ) . i prefer dark templars because you can just build those and attack-move into your opponent 's base with relative success . also carriers are great if you can tech up , because it is easier to control relatively few units , that still do a great amount of damage .
yes it is possible , simply open up the pet panel ( default of p ) and move items from your inventory into this screen ; it is also possible to get your pet to purchase consumable items such as scrolls and potions by clicking on the ' shopping list ' option on the tabs at the bottom ( first from the right ) ; when you are ready to send your pet back to town , click the little green house icon in the bottom right of the screen . this will change the pet panel screen to show how much time is left before your pet returns ; this is also detailed on your pet 's health bars when the pet panel is closed ;
pick pocket the arrows from the npc 's who are shooting at targets . you have to do it before or after they are actually shooting at the targets unless you have the steal equipped perk unlocked . then replace the ones you took with 1 arrow of the type of arrow you want to have a lot of . then when they shoot the target you collect the arrows that hit the target and it will always be the arrow you gave them . npc 's get unlimited arrows to shoot so long as one arrow is on them they will continue to shoot that arrow . my example was i joined the thieves guild and pick pocketed everyone in there and gave them all 1 deadra arrow . now i go from the main room to the training room and collect all the deadra arrows they shoot at the targets to refill . i can get a stack of 100 or so arrows in about 7-10 min of running back and forth . gl to ya .
dishonored has two different endings depending on how you play the game . if you kill everyone you will get the evil ending ( high chaos ending ) . if you do not kill very many people , you will get the good ending ( low chaos ending ) : at the good ending you will save empress emily kaldwin . at the evil ending corvo attano dies . in the high chaos you can still save emily you can save emily at the high chaos ending even if havelock sees you , by stopping time and using blink to get directly in front of him . you cannot see an exact value of your current chaos , but here are some tips : weepers count towards your detection value if seen . they also raise the chaos rating if killed rewiring traps that result in kills will count towards kill amounts and chaos level friendly characters do not count towards detection . this includes rats , hagfish , river krust etc . they also do not raise the chaos rating when killed . this changes if they see you make a hostile/aggressive action . wolfhounds do not count towards chaos rating when killed , however they can discover you and other bodies you leave behind . best to kill these while hidden killing under 20% of the characters in each mission should ensure the low chaos rating score at the end of each level . chaos rating can have many effects on each level , such as increased enemy presence or different available items .
you are correct on all three questions . i think one point is that you get all of that stuff in the same place , and with multiple chests you can organize stuff more . for example , i have a smithing cabinet and an equipment chest . also , your house is usually more conveniently located than wherever the alchemy lab and enchanting table happen to be in a given city . the other thing you get is some weapon racks ( 2 in the house in whiterun ) and armor stands ( 0 in whiterun , unfortunately ) . these let you display weapons and armor , which is a nice little point of customization . i have the sanguine rose sitting in mine , and it looks pretty neat . so no , you do not really get anything new beyond the first container ( which is valuable because your stuff will not grow legs while it is in there ) . so what are the upgrades for ? completionists , mostly . i might not get every house , but i plan to fully upgrade the ones i do , because they look nice . ( also , some of the upgrades to later houses get you , for example , a cabinet full of good potions , iirc . ) the house upgrades are what an mmo player might call a " gold sink " , and after all you will end up with quite a bit of it .
an easy way , which you may consider cheating , is using a map viewer . without doing that , there are at least two ways : find mossy cobblestone , which is guaranteed to be beside a dungeon ( see the first paragraph of the minecraft wiki article on dungeons ) : listen for a mass of zombie or spider sounds underground . they love to make noise and you can hear them through walls , making them easy to find . there is a chance that you will find an underground cave or a dungeon near them . creepers do not make noise but there are no such creeper dungeons . some guesses : levels have relatively little pattern between components like caves and veins so dungeons might be completely randomly placed , even near the top of the levels : i would guess that deeper down you have a better chance , but without diving into the code there is no way to confirm this . out of interest : if your goal is to generate a map with lots of dungeons then minecraft seeds provides random seeds that do exactly that . here are three examples : two nearby dungeons after climbing a mountain . three dungeons at spawn if you are too lazy to climb . inside a dungeon if you are too lazy to walk . note that an update to map generation could change what a seed produces .
i have found that if you attack some one and they survive the first hit , they some how telepathically tell the guards , at least in towns . a " stealth kill " is really any situation where you one-hit kill someone and no-one sees . this is normally done while sneaking as you will get the damage multipliers ( i think its x2 for bows and x3 for melee without perks ) which make it a lot easier to do . it is 3x for bows , 6x for one handed , 15x for daggers , and 2x for anything else with the relevant perks ( deadly aim , backstab , assassin 's blade )
this video will help you a lot . the procedure is ' simple': brake the ribcage with hammer , take out the lungs , cut out old heart using scalpel , throw it outside the body cavity , take the new heart and just place it inside the ' hole ' approximately where old one was . done . how you remove all those stuff depends on your choice , skill and luck but using mentioned tools is fastest and with minimal risk of major blood lost . if you do get major blood loss you can always stop it by injecting the patient with green needle few times , careful not to inject yourself .
attacking a calmed target will cause it to reinitiate hostilities with you . by contrast , you can beat the crap out of a feared target with little chance of being retaliated against . this is a marked advantage in some cases .
yes these come in a few forms , for example , once the mission tuchanka : bomb becomes available , you have until you have completed 3 more missions to finish it . after that point , you can no longer complete that mission , with all of the attendant consequences . most other side missions will ' expire ' eventually if you progress the critical path too far while neglecting them . such expiration is the rule , not the exception . in addition , many of the minor fetch-quests scattered about the citadel can only be completed before certain major storyline events . in general , it is best to complete these as soon as they become available , as the npc 's involved in them can and will disappear without notice after a variety of triggers along the critical path . from what i have seen , there are no explicitly ' urgent ' missions like this along the main quest path , so , for the most part , if you do all side quests as they become available , you will be fine . in a few cases , such as after priority : sur'kesh , the critical path branches , and you must complete one of two missions before continuing . in this case , you will generally have the option of completing both , so long as you do not continue on to the mission unlocked by completing the first of the two . the notable ' exception ' to all of this is that you should always check in on people in the citadel , such as your wounded squadmate , as soon as possible . the window of time in which you can do so is often narrow , and your conversations with them ( or lack thereof ) will have serious implications as you continue with the games primary narrative . there is one other notable consideration : if you delay certain storyline or dlc missions for too long , you may find that you do not have enough conversation opportunities with squadmates recruited after those events to unlock all of their bonus powers . this is especially easy to have happen with tali and javik . it may be worth doing eden prime and rannoch as soon as they are available and you have completed any side missions which the completion of those will lock you out of .
no , there is no way to switch between these skills with the same input . you can equip both of these skills , however , to separate keys ( left and right click , or left click and a hotbar slot , for example ) so you can still quickly switch between using them . see here for more information on doing that . this is very different to how skill selection worked in diablo 2 , so if you are familiar with that game it will take some getting used to . if you are not in town , swapping out skills in diablo 3 has a cooldown where you can not switch skills again or use the new skill , specifically to prohibit what you are going for .
there are not any . you will see your first mailboxes ( and flight points ) when you leave that zone . the reason will make sense when you finish the zone quests . . .
while there are not specifically any more games available from the console , there is quite a lot of things that can be done with the console . some of the highlights would be unlocking one of the zombie maps , five , by typing in 3arc unlock , or you can try the virtual therapist alicia . you can login to user accounts , open files and do some other things . the most complete list of commands that i have seen is found at the call of duty wiki
ok , heres the heads-up . i am a wotlk player ( patch 3.3.5a ) , and i swear by carbonite too . quest helper is mostly just a tiny little arrow pointing you in the direction that your quest target is in , but does not take into account that there may be multiple zones where you can finish your quest . carbonite , on the other hand , tracks your quests on a interactive minimap , zones out all the locations in color , points you in the right direction , and even warns you when enemy players are abound . it also contains a list of quests that needs to be completed in a handy little box . downside is , playing the game without either addons named above is the best way to learn and to use your quest log and map . so this is really a question of " what is your flavour ? "
i poked around and discovered a new folder : ~/library/application support/minecraft/texturepacks/ putting the texture packs you download in this folder makes them appear in the menu . do not extract the files , just leave the . zip there .
as far as i know , the horse 's only purpose is to hint at the " secret horse level " , much how diablo had a cow that could be clicked ( though the secret cow level only existed in the sequel ) . to clarify , the cows in diablo also responded when clicked on : " yup , that is a cow all right ! " " i am not thirsty " " hey ! i am no milkmaid ! "
no . the pc version of minecraft and the console version of minecraft cannot connect to each other . the playstation version of minecraft does its multiplayer over psn . you connect directly to another player 's world , rather than setting up a server . therefore , you cannot connect to a pc minecraft server on ps3 , and vice versa .
yes , the progress is automatically saved and synced to the steam cloud individually - so when you next join a co-op game it will have stored which levels you have completed . this also means that your progress is shared across any computer you play portal 2 on . it is worth noting that progress is never saved during a test chamber though , only upon successful completion . you will be able to pick which level to start at next time you start the game - if you go to the specific chapter you want to play and use the buttons until you have selected the level you want , then go into the assembly machine as usual .
i asked devs the same question and turned out there is no difference from both cost and damage points of views ( except for temporals and commander towers ) . i upgrade towers that are located in most valuable places ( i.e. . where aliens pass several times ) where space is limited . quote from a dev : the choice is actually entirely up to you . level 1 gun tower - cost 100 level 2 gun tower - cost 200 ( total paid = 300 ) level 3 gun tower - cost 400 ( total paid = 700 ) the damage a level 2 gun tower does is exactly 3 times as much as a level 1 gun tower . the damage a level 3 gun tower is exactly 7 times as much as a level 1 gun tower . essentially , a single level 3 gun tower is equal to seven level 1 gun towers . they do the same total damage and the total cost of each are also the same . if you are building a maze , the seven towers is probably the better choice . if you are limited on space , or you have a kill zone setup with a temporal tower , then perhaps the full upgraded gun tower is the better choice . it really depends on your playstyle and the choices you make for any given map . by the way , the above example is true for all towers . ( except the temporal and command tower , they are special . )
the disadvantage of elective mode is that it makes it much easier for you to make some really poor skill choices . another disadvantage of elective mode is that it allows you to accidentally drag skills off your action bar . edit : please note that as of patch 1.0.4 , skills can only be dragged off the action bar when the skill menu is open , preventing this from being an issue moving forward . the idea of the " non-elective " layout is to help guide new players into taking balanced builds , that incorporate a good mix of primary offense , secondary offense , defense , and utility . for example , in elective mode , a wizard could choose to use no signature spells . this means that once they run out of arcane energy , they had have to resort to melee . while melee builds for wizards are viable , ones that involve swinging a weapon with no arcane skills boosting damage are going to be less than optimal . the advantage of elective mode is that it gives experienced players much more flexibility in their skill builds , and gives the freedom to try some unusual , but potentially viable , builds . as james has pointed out , it also allows you greater control over the binding of keys/buttons to skills , letting you use setups that may feel more natural or easier to use than those imposed by the non-elective version .
unfortunately , i do not know exactly how much you must culturally dominate a city for it to switch . that number may well depends on your difficulty level . however , i think i can help answer your implied question : this city is more culturally mine . why has not it switched to my empire ? first be sure city switching due to culture is turned on . i assume it is , but this is an option you can set before the game , so its worth mentioning . the threshold might not be 51% this is what you supposed , and i agree this might be true . until someone else chimes in with a number ( or several for difficulty ) lets assume something else is wrong . . . culture switches are not immediate . the city will usually have at least one cultural revolt first , i.e. both you and the current owner of the city will see an event like " a [ spanish ] revolt is taking place in [ city ] . " this is a great sign for you , and means that you passed the threshold ; the city would switch to your empire fairly soon if it had no troops in it . this has the unfortunate consequence that . . . the current owner can put troops in the city to slow you down the longer the city is in revolt in the name of your culture , the more likely it is to switch . so naturally , if the revolt is suppressed by , say , more troops , its less likely to be successful . i think with enough troops the revolts can be prevented altogether . i am not sure of this , or whether a city can switch without revolting first . troops are the only way i can remember the current owner being able to fight you , but there may be others options i can not remember , like particular government choices or wonders ? consider destroying the troops with espionage if the troops can slow down the process , then get rid of them . you sound like you want to take the city without war , so spies are the option you have left . but , if you do not care whether you go to war or not . . . consider taking the city with military if i recall correctly , a city that prefers you culturally will be " liberated " rather than " conquered " . unfortunately , this has the same problem you asked about taking the city cultural : how much is enough ? i am not sure , but i believe if they have revolted for you then its enough . liberating a city is effectively " this city is supposed to be mine , the people welcome me " , i am certain its what happens when you retake a city you founded but lost , and has great effects : the city does not lose a population due to being " conquered " . the people do not revolt , but begin working immediately . buildings are more likely to survive the transition . ( perhaps all of them do ? ) ( does not apply to your situation but . . . ) the cultural border the city had when you last controlled it are restored . as a final note , if you could liberate a city , and a third civilization takes the city , they immediately have the option of " returning " it to you . i feel like i have missed something , i will add it later if i think of it .
correct , they are not necessarily the same . you will receive a random technology from those that are available to you , and they will receive a random one for them . this does imply that if you are making use of research agreements , you should try not to " skip " techs that are cheap , since you want the research agreement to give you something as " expensive " as possible .
first of all , you should not worry too much about taxes . at first , it might look like a lot of money drained , but overall it does not apply to everything you earn ( plus it only applies to sums being bigger than 100k isk ) . instead , you should try to find a corporation that fits your play style . if you are lucky , the corporation taxes will be lower as well ( so it is a win-win ) or you might get something back for your taxes ( help , free modules , cheaper production stuff , etc . ) . if you still think you really have to have mininmal taxes , just create your own corporation ( there is a separated line of skills where you will only need a rather minimalistic set to setup a basic corporation ) .
it depends where it is being used , but probably the diamond . are you more likely to get arrows shot at you or to be blown up by creepers ? i would say the diamond because it offers better protection overall
no , you cannot . sadly , the achievement only registers on the boss kills , and not by going further down the dungeon .
@raven dreamer 's answer is actually misleading . red : item recharge zone blue : shopping zone green : healing zone specific to op 's question , the sight stone will not recharge unless you move inside the red zone ( stepping on the line also counts ) . the reason reaper is incorrect is because , as you can see , the blue shopping zone is centered around the shop keeper and not the center of the spawn circle . this lets you buy while you stand outside of the spawn fountain ( to the top left ) and also unable to buy even when standing on the fountain ( to the bottom right ) . here is a quick and dirty list of what applies to each zone : ( keep in mind , to get each zones effect , you only need to at least step on the boarder ) red : recharge zone - both red and blue sight stones - crystalline flask - homeguard boots ( there is an invisible cool down on homeguards ) green : healing zone - rapid health restore ( ignite effects still cut this healing in half ) - rapid mana/energy restore - fountain laser will hit enemies inside this zone blue : shopping zone - interact with the store
turns out i had to punch one of those purple fruits at the top , which makes them fall . they are bouncy and allow me to jump higher . the road continues on the otherwise out-of-reach cliff .
the cards are unlocked in order , from the deck you are currently using . there is no random element . if your deck is fully unlocked , you will not unlock any cards . you can find the decklists and unlock lists here .
spoilers ahead : several of these enhancements require using a machine within a brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco . to gain access to this machine without killing anyone , complete ' get the virtibird plans for the brotherhood of steel ' quest . ( and nab the advanced power armor [ +3 strength ] and blue memory module [ +1 charisma ] while you are doing it ! ) make sure to give to the plans to the brotherhood of steel before the shi , because the shi will simply take the plans , where the brotherhood will give you a copy ! all of these notes are disregarding gains through character creation , and through perks . strength +1 via surgery , +3-4 via armor a strength above 7 is usually unnecessary during character creation . this is primarily because you will eventually find power armor which increases your strength by 3-4 depending on the armor . the suits of power armor are as follows : t-51b power armor advanced power armor , and advanced power armor mk ii . you can also make hardened power armor from t-51b power armor . as posted in the other answer , the red memory module can increase your strength by 1 when used within the brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco with ace . you can find this chip in the vault within vault city . it is behind one of the doors which is jammed on the second floor , and if memory serves , you can get to it with a strength of 7 and a crowbar . ( use the crowbar on the door ) you can also use buffout to temporarily increase your strength by two . this can be useful in several situations , like getting to the memory chip in vault city , or defeating the super mutant in broken hills at an arm wrestling challenge . jet will temporarily increase strength by 1 . perception +1 via surgery the green memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel 's san francisco bunker to increase perception by 1 . this chip can be found in the military base east of san francisco and far west of ncr . it is on the third floor ( you will need to repair the broken generator on the first floor ) in a locker which is easily accessible without encountering any super mutants . mentats will temporarily increase your perception by 2 . jet will temporarily increase perception by 1 . endurance you can only permanently increase this via perks . you can temporarily increase endurance by using buffout . charisma +1 via surgery , +1 via item the blue memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel 's san francisco bunker to increase your charisma by 1 . you can find this in navarro , in the underground section , in a locker in the north west corner of the map . if i remember correctly , you need to be told about navarro 's existence before you can go there . both matt and ron will give you a quest to go there . mirrored shades ( when carried in an active item slot [ the punch or kick slot ] ) will increase your charisma by 1 . you can find these by digging up a grave in golgotha , or by killing mason who is a guard on the second floor of the salvatores bar in new reno . mentats will temporarily increase your charisma by 1 . * you can find golgotha by either talking to jules for long enough ( you see him when you first enter new reno ) , from myron when you tell him to ' wait here . ' after he has joined your squad ( he will offer you a favor , let him tell you about it , you can promptly ditch him afterwords ) , or by completing the first mission given to you by the salvatores ( where mason is ) . intelligence +1 via surgery , +1 via game story element the yellow memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco . the module can be found in the sierra army depot which can be found by accepting the second quest from orville wright ; ' find a way into the sierra army base ' . you never have to actually complete this quest , it is just useful to get it so that you know where the base is . you must get this quest before becoming a made man with any other faction in new reno , otherwise you will never get into the sierra army depot . the hubologist zeta scan in san francisco can increase your intelligence by +1 and luck by +1 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . so you may want to save first . just let the ' celebrities who are not at all based on actual celebrities ' give their speech ( north end of the hubologist compound which is found in the north east corner of san francisco ) and then talk to them about joining . mentats will temporarily increase your intelligence by 2 . agility this can only be permanently increased by perks . every point of agility gives you 1 action point , so putting this to 10 ( 9 if you plan on eventually getting the perk ) at the beginning of the game is a good way to go . buffout will temporarily increase agility by 2 . psycho will temporarily increase agility by 3 . luck +1-2 via game story elements , +1 via game encounter the hubologist zeta scan in ncr can increase your luck by +1 or +2 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . you may want to save before taking it . you can find this hubologist alone in a building in the center of ncr . the hubologist zeta scan in san francisco can increase your luck by +1 and intelligence by +1 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . so you may want to save first . just let the ' celebrities who are not at all based on actual celebrities ' give their speech ( north end of the hubologist compound which is found in the north east corner of san francisco ) and then talk to them about joining . finally , the pariah dog can increase your luck by 1 if you kill it before it joins your party . this dog can only be found in a random encounter . if you fail a luck roll , he joins your party and you suffer a loss of -1 luck until you kill him . if you manage to kill him . there is another way to boost your special stats legitimately : ( though it is basically a free cheat mode ) upon completing the game ( or at least the main quest ) and arriving back in san francisco having destroyed the enclave oil rig , you can travel to new reno , and visit father tully . so long as he is conscious , ( he is often passed out , you can just rest a little and see if he wakes up ) you can talk to him and get a little reward : the fallout 2 hintbook . " well , this would have been good to have at the beginning of the goddamn game . " using this book will boost all of your stats and skills to their maximum values . and give you a boatload of experience . you can use the book over and over . perhaps the best walkthrough for fallout 2 i have found , which includes all of these details and countless more : http://user.tninet.se/~jyg699a/fallout2.html
they do still sometimes occur -- mostly in the smaller scout ships where ( presumably ) heavy floaters would be too expensive an investment for the ship 's mission purposes . just nowhere near as often , and generally not in any situation where the aliens anticipated needing firepower .
aram champion selection is based only off of champions currently available to you . this includes all champions you own , plus all the ones that are available free at the time .
all of the jetpacks handle exactly the same way . however , some of the jetpacks have a flame or other output that can harm scientists on the ground , and some of them are perfectly harmless , which is something to keep in mind for some of the ' do not harm any scientists ' missions . sometimes you get unlucky with the obstacles , and once the game gets going really fast , a lot of it comes down to luck . you can purchase the high mobility gadgets ( the super sneakers and gravity belt ) if you what to change the game play physics .
all mec weapons have the same amount of available ammo , enough for 2 shots before a reload . ammo conservation provides 1 extra shot , and so does the expanded storage , which is a mec trooper skill for the captain rank , for a total of 4 regular shots or 2 uses of collateral damage before a reload .
commercial buildings ( note - single shift versions exist and have half the jobs ) . industrial buildings utilities education Community College 50 40 10 0 University 460 320 100 40  metal working power plants and , because i am having so much fun bulldozing things . . . residential building values for workers , shoppers and students : additional information Modules do not have influence. 
you can read it there , some dialogs are different based on your previous choices but no major changes . link to an official interview concerning this their are no change reported so far a full interview : link
wow insider has an in-depth preview of the battleground , which gives details about how the battleground is supposed to work ( in theory ) . as they describe it : [ t ] he objective of the battleground is for each faction to capture and escort mine carts to depots at the end of the line , retaining control of the carts throughout their jouney from the central depot to their destination . and : your team earns points for controlling carts over time , with a larger number of points for carts that land in the depot when under their control . to move carts , you need to first capture them : once the carts spawn , you need to capture them . this is done not by clicking with a capture timer like the flags in arathi basin but by fighting in proximity to the carts , like the towers in eye of the storm . then , they will move along predetermined paths , determined by what crossroads your faction controls : last , the two yellow markers are the two crossroads . this is where players can choose to alter the direction of the mine carts . capturing the crossroads causes the arrow to flip around and change direction , sending the cart where it is pointing .
places you can safely store your items include any houses you buy , your companion ( s ) , and your horse . places considered to be owned by you ( and therefore contain safe containers ) are ( spoiler warning ) : arch-mage quarters ( after you become arch-mage ) the dawnstar dark brotherhood sanctuary ( after you have finished the dark brotherhood quest line ) i have personally stored items in my apprentice quarters in the college of winterhold without problems , however others have had stuff go missing from there , so be careful . other containers may not be safe . given what some other answers have said , gerder 's house does not seem like a safe place for long-term storage .
playthrough video will take you a lot of time since witcher is pretty long game and there is much killing , questing , walking . . . which is not relevant to the story . you can check wiki for details that you are interested in , like characters or so but the short story should be enough since it considers all important things from witcher 1 that are in witcher 2 . http://witcher.wikia.com/wiki/the_witcher_(short_story) note that lot of characters just dissapear and some apper from w1 to w2
it is called interact , it is the fourth starting from top if you rebind them in game . if you stand close to a squad you press interact , or y with an xbox controller . you can issue individual orders . found here : http://brutallegend.wikia.com/wiki/individual_orders whilst near one or more desired squads , an individual order can be issued by holding down &#x25b2 ; or y . when a squad is highlighted , the order is issued by using the directional pad . while the individual orders button is pressed down , all nearby units will freeze until it is released . these orders can be delivered while the player is in the air as well - a blue spotlight will appear that can easily roll over several units to select them . multiple orders can be given to different groups to be carried out at the same time , provided the / buttons are held down .
when you capture someone 's capital , their capital is temporarily relocated to another city . but it is the original capital that is important for the victory condition . you are not allowed to destroy it , so you need to be able to hold on to it until you are the only one that still controls your original capital .
4 twigs . that is it . a single twig can be used in the various " x-on-a-stick " recipes . if you use more than one twig , then you get wet goop . using 4 twigs to make wet goop is usually cheaper than using 2 twigs plus 2 other food items .
here is an awesome answer : stackexchange-url
no . the achievement is for getting kicked out of the three casinos on the strip : the tops , the ultra-luxe , and gomorrah . the vicki and vance , and the atomic wrangler do not count towards " the courier who broke the bank . "
there really is no good monster that gives you great experience and good loot at your level . if you want money , then training slayer with the highest master is the way to go . if you want experience , then you can try killing deadly red spiders ( they give great experience ) . they are located in the chaos tunnels , varrock sewers , or inside the karamja volcano .
the ten possible combinations are : mobs : vile swarms diseased bodies malice the mangler ( yellow mob ) ernutet ( purple mob ) zorr the doomed ( can not remember his color ) dungeons : the veiled treasure ( dungeon ) the fowl lair ( dungeon ) containers : ancient urn resplendent chest misc : gold shower how to farm them : here you can see the route ( blue ) and the two possible spawn positions . in the bottom left where the route starts is where you will spawn ( the checkpoint thingy ) . the answer 's from here . hope this helps . i have tried it a few times , but i am too lazy to continue .
no dishonored is mission based , with each mission taking place in a separate ' level ' . that said , the levels themselves are very large , and within each one , you can essentially roam freely . the game makes much more use of vertical space than most other titles , and heavily rewards exploration and ' roaming ' within each level . furthermore , you can replay any mission at any time once you have completed it .
quick version if you bought it through steam , check the downloadable content ( dlc ) option from the in-game menu to confirm it is authorized for you ( it should be ) . in that case just start playing and it will download while you are in-game . note : my first character did not get the starting bonuses at the beginning ( golden guns and eridian artifact ) since the dlc was not loaded immediately on launch , though they showed up later . my second character did get the bonuses from the start . details when i first started the game this morning i checked for dlc in the in-game menu . it listed " borderlands 2 premiere club " as purchased but not downloaded . steam also showed it as purchased : from the game library right-click borderlands 2 and choose view downloadable content . after hunting around for a while in b2 and steam looking for a way to install it i decided to just start playing . now it shows as purchased an installed , and while playing i was notified via pop-up that i have the golden key . so apparently it installed itself while i played . i did not need an activation key ; i purchased it through steam a couple of days before launch . also , in steam i now have two entries : borderlands 2 , and borderlands 2 premiere club . this is the same way steam dlc has worked for me in the past . how to get the starting bonuses my first character did not get the two starting bonuses initially : a class-specific eridian artifact and a set of golden guns . later in the game they showed up , though by that time the golden guns were no longer valuable ( the artifact is still good ) . this happened because the premiere club dlc was still downloading at the time i started my first character . if you want to be sure of getting the bonuses either : create a temporary dummy character , wait for the premiere club dlc to install , then create your " real " character ; or wait at the in-game menu until the dlc installs before creating your character . fair warning : i am not sure option 2 works since my process was different , but it is worth a try if you do not want to create a temporary character .
according to the wiki , the only item that seems to be able to raise your stats above the maximum is the sad onion , which doubles the firing rate no matter its current value . i have very little personal experience with that item , so i can not confirm or deny this . the stat that i find easiest to max out is damage , as i have often managed to get quite a few damage enhancing items in a single run ( which would have put me over the maximum looking at the bars in the pause screen ) . i always seemed to hit the same cap , no matter how many damage enhancers i picked up . in light of the above , my previous version of this answer indeed states that the item is useless once damage has been maxed . further research , however , proves that i was mistaken . to test this , i played with judas , picking up both the pact and pentagram , which maxed out my damage . i then engaged the boss gish . here is gish 's health-bar before i started measuring damage : i then shot gish three times , bringing him down to this : the difference was 11 pixels . then , i used the book of beliel and shot him three more times : this time , the difference was 15 pixels . so as a matter of fact , the book of beliel can and will take you above max damage . sadly , this experiment does not give a single conclusion about the multitude of other ways that one may try to raise his stats past the maximum , but strictly speaking , the answer to your question is yes .
no , your cooldown reduction ( cdr ) items will not effect your item cooldowns . cooldown reduction does not apply on item active abilities such as that of deathfire grasp or item passive effects with cooldowns such as that of guardian angel . most sources of cooldown reduction also does not apply on summoner spells unless specifically stated , e.g. the unique enchantment effect of distortion for boots or the unique passive , aid , of eleisa 's miracle . cooldown reduction does not apply to an innate ability [ the passive abilities of champions ] of any kind . however , you can get the utility tree mastery artificer to reduce the cooldown times of your item 's active effects by by 7.5/15% . this can make a pretty significant difference on some of the longer cooldowns . source : league of legends wikia
yes . when i did my analysis of oxygen flow between rooms , i had a situation where opening a second door caused a change in the steady-state of oxygen . oxygen equalizes at a rate proportional to the difference between two rooms , at each door . so with two doors open it will equalize faster .
it is 500 minutes of matches . the previous version of it lasted x number of days , which meant that you had to use it when you knew you could play a lot . the new verion is much better in this respect , just use it and none of it goes to waste . the bonuses do stack if multiple players have them , from both teams as well .
that is the sleeping tree ! if you find the cave nearby ( with one giant in it ) you will find a body with a note that will lead you to ysolda in whiterun . ysolda , after being shown the note and when asked , tells a tale about the origins of the tree . here 's the map position relative to whiterun .
given that the stat specifically say that it increases the chance of finding magic items , as opposed to just saying " increases the chance of finding items " i would say that it only affects the chance to find magic or greater items .
from the developer amaa on reddit : d3db : with the drop rates released in the 1.0.3 preview , is whimsyshire considered part of act i or act iii/iv ? andrew chambers : we dont really consider the whimsy-ical shire to be part of the story proper , but the new drop rates will affect it . specifically , the monsters in hell are considered act iv hell monsters , and the monsters in inferno are act iii/iv inferno monsters .
i finally unlocked everything and completed the list . tower type power speed range spread cost research unlock arrow both 1 1 2 0 100 - starter cannon ground 2 1 1 2 120 - starter anti-air air 1 3 3 0 150 - starter tesla ground 4 1 1 0 250 10 gems starter laser air 2 1 3 0 300 11 gems starter mortar ground 4 0 3 4 400 15 gems starter fire ground 4 1 2 3 350 13 gems tiki s2 frost ground 1 1 2 3 200 - tiki s3 trap both 5 0 0 1 250 10 gems gati gati s1 hive both 1 2 5 0 450 14 gems gati gati s2 gem none 0 0 1 0 300 9 gems tiki s1 lightning both 1 0 5 3 500 13 gems tiki s2 notes : fire towers continually fire at the same spot for a set duration , dealing damage over time . enemies with green shields are weak to flame towers and burning enemies are resistant to them . frost towers do not deal any damage , but do slow enemies down . they can remove the burning effect from burning enemies . trap towers consist of both a tower and an antenna , which must be near each other with no obstructions between them . two traps are strung between the towers , one that hits ground enemies and one that hits air enemies . each trap causes an explosion when triggered and can only trigger once per wave . hive towers generate insects over time . each insect will roam the map , smash into the first enemy that gets in its way , and then disappear . you can only have one hive tower at a time . gem towers do not attack . they slowly upgrade any adjacent towers around them over time . each gem tower has limited energy , and cannot be removed even after that energy is depleted . lightning towers hit every enemy on the map , but only attack when enemies are near them . in addition to towers , you can also unlock speed potion makes tikiman run faster . this is a permanent upgrade . unlock by completing tiki s1 remote mine allows you to set a remote mine at tikiman 's location for 5 gems at any time , and detonate at will . you can only have one mine set at a time . these deal high damage over a decent range , hitting both ground and air enemies . unlock by completing gati gati s3 interest increases the amount of gold acquired at the end of each wave by 5% per tier . each tier costs more gems than the last . unlock by completing toki s3
you could try using steam mover - it is built for doing exactly that .
yes , it is possible to use a converter to change the signal from pal to ntsc . a cheap simple converter such as this will do the job if all you have are composite outputs . converters do exist for higher definition output ( component , hdmi etc ) but expect to pay more .
in diablo 3 , resistances work like armor . it reduces damage from an element by a flat amount . as you get to higher levels , the amount that gets reduced from same level monsters is reduced . so 90 resist against a level 1 monster will reduce a lot more damage than 90 resist against a level 50 monster . so , to answer your question , no , higher difficulties do not reduce your resistances directly . enemies are higher level , and therefore , your resistances are less effective .
a boss ? as in any of the 3 bosses ? mostly just dodge , learn their movements and their patterns and work around them . setup a pattern that you follow to avoid their shots . to get gold achievement you have to defeat the 3 bosses i think 4-5 times . i.e. you do all 3 , then 3 again etc . . . ( in the same game ) you can do it so you do not get hit from any of them , takes practice but it is very doable . also do not hold down the fire key ( space ) a lot of people think it is easier to just hold it down and keep firing , but it is actually slower that way , if you want to go far in it you got to do it manually .
blizzard removed in-season demotions as a way of encouraging people to play more games without fear of demotion ( allegedly to increase competition within leagues ) . that being said , the league you are in is just a rough indication of your skill level and mmr ( match making rating ) . if you are in gold , there is nothing stopping you from playing players in bronze league , if your mmr drops that low . if you really want to demote yourself , you can do so by pressing the " leave league " button on the ladder page , or waiting until next season . info here : http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/blog/10117387/starcraft-ii-ladder-league-and-season-faq-5-31-2013
in combat , it is possible to dodge up a z-level onto the top of an adjacent wall , without any kind of stairway or ramp . hysterical strength , i guess . it is a little-known phenomenon because the circumstances for it are pretty rare . that is probably what happened to your ram .
no , coffins do not block movement . protip : mined-out and engraved clusters/veins of precious minerals are a great place for a snotty noble 's tomb .
updated : legendaries can drop at any time , anywhere , albeit rarely . with the loot 2.0 updates , new heroes from lvl 1-59 will get a guaranteed legendary drop for the first kill of the butcher , belial , azmodan and diablo . characters below level 11 are unlikely to find legendary items , because they have a minimum level requirement . currently there are no legendary items available below level 11 . ( source ) for level 60 characters , you should get a guaranteed legendary drop from diablo every time you kill him after resetting all of your quests and working your way back to him . higher tiers of torment supposedly include an increase in legendary drop rates , but the exact amount of the bonus has not been disclosed . it does not seem to be major , though , so you should pick a lower tier of torment over a higher one if you will kill significantly faster in the lower tier . note , however , that some legendaries will only drop in torment i - vi . original answer : yes , there are set and legendary items . many of them will be available through crafting , requiring the recipe to drop . others will drop randomly , but extremely rarely . this can happen at any level , as not all legendaries are high level gear . the best legendaries will be inferno drops . however , it has been stated that the very best items in the game will not be the set items or legendaries . instead , the very best will be inferno level randomly-generated rares .
those buildings continue to work normally , i just tried it . the factory and the hydro plant worked like they should even with negative coal and aluminum .
as described in this article on minecraftwiki .net, ambience ( sometimes called cave noises ) is a set of sounds that occasionally plays when the player is in close proximity to an unlit cave . despite their name , they are not sounds that one would expect to hear inside of a cave , such as falling pebbles , but rather supernatural noises frequently likened to ghostly train whistles , rice rockets , and demon roars . ambient sounds require that a space at least 3×3×3 , entirely at light level zero , be positioned ten to twenty blocks away from the player in any direction . the space does not need to be sealed off - a sound can even play from a space that the player can actually see - nor does the player need to be underground to hear it . the sounds can also come from player-created spaces , even if that space is a box above the clouds . contrary to popular insistence , ambience is not an indicator of nearby ore , dungeons , or mobs . following them can still lead the player to such things indirectly , since they emanate from unexplored caves .
sadly , the xbox 360 only works with certain models of hard drives . i know that the old ( fat ? ) xbox 360s could use certain seagate drives and certain programs to make it think it is an xbox 360 drive . however , i believe this trick no longer works for the xbox 360 s . sony saw this decision and decided to use the ps3 's ability to use any 2.5" drive in their early ps3 advertising .
the only skill that directly supports levelling up faster is enlightenment , as mentioned by raven dreamer in his answer . as far as indirectly making your hero level up faster , you want skills that make it faster to defeat wandering monster stacks , as that gains you the experience for winning combat , as well as access to any treasure chests or artifacts the monsters are guarding . depending upon the design of the map , it may also open up the map and give you access to more monsters to fight for even more experience . so , for indirect skills , you want skills that help your army in combat , skills that get you into combat faster and skills that keep your army size larger , either through increased production or through avoiding combat losses . i have compiled a short list of the level 1 skills that accomplish the above . i did not include level 2 skills , though you could , depending upon your definition of early in game terms . however , most of the skills i have listed have level 2 upgrades , so obviously if the level 1 skill is a good choice , so is the level 2 upgrade . directly enlightenment ( paragon ) - increased experience indirectly defender i ( paragon ) - increased might defense ( you lose less troops , so your army stays bigger ) assailant i ( paragon ) - increased might power ( you kill more enemies , fewer retaliate , so your army stays bigger ) logistics ( paragon ) - increased land movement ( more movement = more battles per turn = more experience per turn ) architect i ( realm ) - increased creature production ( increased production = bigger army , though i would put this on a secondary hero , since your primary hero will not be sticking around your town for very long ) ambush ( tactics ) - increased initiative of friendly creatures ( you attack first , fewer retaliate ) toughness i ( warfare ) - increased health of friendly creatures ( you lose less troops ) archery i ( warfare ) - increased damage of ranged units ( you kill more enemies , fewer retaliate ) i did not include any magic skills or warcries in the above list , because they all help in combat , depending upon the faction you are using and the specific tactical battle plan you use . i think that any of the four level 1 warcries are effective in early battles and help keep your army intact , as well as the classic use of slow and haste to control which stacks attack first . finally , do not forget about strategic ways to ensure your main hero gets a lot of experience fast . for example , it never hurts to obtain a secondary hero as soon as possible . your main hero can concentrate on just battles for the experience , while your secondary hero follows behind and grabs all the resources , artifacts and buildings opened up by the main hero , at least until you can give your main hero the snatch ability , which allows her to pick up resources without expending any movement .
this icon is a special item that was collectible at the greeveling event via dropping . those items are called action item . this item itself is called fistful of snowballs . those can be used if you set your use action item key . those items do nothing besides some visual stuff . they use charges for that . there is also a kindler 's kit and a pile of coal . more info on dota2 wiki
if there are any blocks marked to be infected they will turn to taint even after you disabled it in . cfg , but they will not spread afterwards . so make sure you give it enough time to really stop spreading before you declare yourself crazy . check your . cfg for " aura . taintspawn " some people say you need to disable this but to me it looks like it is only a different name used for same setting , probably from older version . bodies of water ( rivers , lakes , sea . . . ) can not become tainted , but the taint as the infection can spread through them ; meaning , if you have 2 islands where only one of them is tainted , after enough time both of them will end up tainted . the taint will grow as it usually does through the water blocks , you just can not see it until it emerges on the surface somewhere else . in shallow waters sometimes you can see it spread on the seabed . even if you manage to completely stop the spreading of taint you can still infect the land by yourself using vials with taint , magic cauldron . . . or any similar pollutants . if tainted creeper explodes outside tainted area , it will make even large crater and will also corrupt some blocks . tainted testificates release gas that can make some tainted areas grow even more . tainted sheep can vomit taint .
normally , there is in each prison a locked chest called " confiscated item chest " . when you get arrested , every stolen items you have get put in this chest . i do not know if it reseted after a while , but if not , the journal . i also contain all your equipment when you get send into prison . i know that the one in solitude can be accessed trough a secret passageway behind the cell you are in , although i have never seen the " official " side of the prison .
there are many things that were added , and a few things were tweaked . added jump-slides optional checkpoints ( no more starting from the beginning after dying to the last garbage pile on 3-9 ! ) loops rails ( and their related moves ) an option to replay a completed level immediately , rather than having to exit to the world map . dancing extremely ( obnoxiously ? ) eloquent narration by charles martinet forking paths built-in achievement system ( aka . rewards ) additional characters and alternate costumes ( no longer simply seasonal ) tweaked bonus levels ( now a bullseye , instead of the guaranteed retro level ) retro bonus level ( now much more akin to super meat boy 's warp zones ) world map ( no longer strictly linear ) springboards . now trigger when you hold up , rather than having to press up while over them . ( thank goodness ! ) perfect ! ! mechanic . ( now a ! + ! + ! + mechanic ) stayed the same basic game mechanics ( dodge obstacles , collect shiny ! ) inc . gliding boss " fights " !
the research lab contains a list of all completed research . this includes the research item that is unlocked from interrogating aliens . if you consult the completed research list , you should be able to determine who you still need to interrogate by process of elimination .
you need to join a social district then press m for the map and look for the nearest clothing portal ( pink/purple ) there you can change and buy clothes . you can also put patterns on them and change colours . patterns can be made at the designer portal ( light blue ) here you can create/edit patterns/designs wich can be put on clothes and cars if you need help ingame just try to contact people using the /district command in your chat window
blizzard used to offer a j2me-based authenticator for older phones , but they have since discontinued it . they now offer authenticators for ios , android , blackberry and windows phone 7 . other than a phone , your options would therefore be a tablet , ipod ( touch ) , or the physical authenticator . for those without such a device , the other answers propose alternative means . android emulation may be a good way to go , seeing as you would still be using the official authenticator .
mario 's parents are shown in yoshi 's island , among other related anime and comics . mama mario : at the end of super mario world 2: yoshi 's island , mario and luigi 's mother made her first video game appearance . she is portrayed as a wide-set woman wearing a pink nightgown , and only her lower half and hands are seen . papa : the video game 's artists portrayed him as a skinny man in a nightshirt of indeterminate color . only his lower half and hands are seen . the mario wiki has articles on both mama mario and papa , although there are a lot of references to the live action super mario super show , which is probably not canonical . likewise , the story is told differently in the 1993 super mario bros movie , where the two are orphaned when luigi is still a baby . again , there were major rewrites to canon for the movie .
kasumi is part of the hanar diplomat mission on the citadel . she needs to have survived in the 2nd game . you also must complete the mission in 3 before the story mission involving the citadel , or else the mission is lost .
i have an automatic piston-harvested farm with 16 cane plants harvested every ~10 seconds . here are two different estimations of the rate . by " growth " i mean the event of one block being added to the top of a sugar cane plant . when i watch the farm running , it seems to drop about 1 cane every 2 cycles ( but this is a fuzzy memory ) ; this would be a rate of ( 1 cane ) / ( 20 seconds ) / ( 16 plants ) = 1/320 growths per plant per second . when i come by to collect its drops , i usually get 6-8 canes ( but this excludes the number which miss the water stream and get stuck inside the farm ) ; if the farm has been active and the collection point untouched for a full 5 minutes = 300 seconds ( item despawn time ) , then we get ( 8 canes ) / ( 300 seconds ) / ( 16 plants ) = 1/600 growths per plant per second . the latter figure is probably closer to correct as it does not involve an estimation of probability .
after you install the original version of starcraft , take the cd out , and put in the brood war starcraft cd in and it will finish up the loading . source
zerg : tier 1: 150 life on bunkers is much better than the shrike turret . more hits b4 it goes down , starts repairing itself at half health so at 75 hp earlier , especially with increased scv repair speed . shrike turret is ground only and has crappy damage . tier 2:the fortress is much better than the perdition turret . the perdition turret is not better than a bunker with 4 marines and a firebat , gets destroyed often , and costs precious gas which you need for units and upgrades . the fortress upgrade is only really good in a few scenario 's but packs a decent punch , is repairable , and adds hp 's to your building , allowing you to use it as a wall to slow down enemy advancement , including on the last map . tier 3: neither hercules nor predator unit are really required in any mission . normal drop ships will work fine and even heal nearby units , despite the incredible amount of units a hercules can travel it requires a special building to be built and you will not have your first one until you have spent hundreds of minerals and gas . the predator unit is very decent when combined with regenerative biosteel and science vessels , especially in scenarios with many waves of enemies . this is actually a matter of personal taste as far as i am concerned . tier 4: regenerative bio-steel . the mana upgrades and starting energy increase are very useful in many scenarios but in the end the regenerative bio steel will allow you to sweep any map on any difficulty with more ease than normally . also , in call of the void your battle-cruisers wont even get hurt by the rift generators . tier 5: the zerg slower is many times better than the control tower . although the control tower is manually targeted and can demolish enemy waves by controlling an ultralisk in that wave , and when properly used can even be used to build a second army with separate food supply , in the end the slower allows you to move down any zerg units with them doing little or no damage to your base , even on brutal . slow zerg are dead zerg ( do not forget to use marauder slow combined with it to make the zerg sluggishly slow . protoss : tier 1: ultra-capacitors 5% attack speed can matter a lot on marines in a bunker . the best reason to take attacks however is if you have marauders with slowing aoe upgrade . more units slowed with marauders , more dps , and they are in a bunker anyway most of the time . tier 2: take the 25% gas mining . being able to produce earlier in the scenario can save you troops to help with the next waves , and cumulatively save you a lot of hassle . gas is often the limiting factor in the speed of your army construction . if you plan the supplies right and micro manage just a bit more orbital supply depots hardly speed up your production capabilities or game-play in comparison . tier 3: building 8 scv 's in queue with 2 per time will rocket-launch your economy . on average a scenario will have 2-4 active gas mines in use at any time depending on your expansiveness and playing speed . those 6-12 scv 's in food , combined with the advantage of not needing a command center do not weigh up against the increased production speed which will rocket-launch your campaign economy output in every scenario , right from the start&hellip ; if you need food later , you can always shoot your own scv 's . tier 4: science vessel vs raven is again a matter of taste , like the tier 3 zerg upgrade . ravens when properly micro managed can cause havoc with their damage abilities and work wonders against air units . however , if you like auto healing your tanks or anything mechanical , irradiating large groups of enemies and forming virtually indestructible death squads with neosteel battle-cruisers , i would definitely advise the science vessels . they are my personal favorite . tier 5: the tech reactor is greatly superior to the orbital marine units . although orbital drops can be useful in multiple scenarios , do not forget that with tech reactor you need only 1 of each building in any scenario , saving you at least between 500-1200 minerals and gas in most scenarios and allowing a speedy build of high tech units . final note : do not forget marauders slowing aoe upgrade in the armory . i finished the entire brutal campaign and all campaign achievements without that but it made things unnecessarily hard . slow enemies are usually dead enemies before they even reach your base .
the advantage gained is improved stats . the evolved form of a pokemon has better stats than its earlier forms . however , when you evolve your pokemon their stats are recalculated from level 1 . so your fully evolved pokemon will have the same stats at level 100 regardless of which level you evolve it at . there are two disadvantages to evolving a pokemon though . the first one is pretty minor , and is that a pokemon takes longer to learn moves in an evolved form ( as you noted in your question ) . the other disadvantage is fairly significant though , and only applies to pokemon which evolve with an evolution stone . the majority of pokemon which evolve using a stone will not learn any moves when evolved , so you do not want to evolve those pokemon until they have learned all their possible moves . evolving them earlier will really , really limit their usefulness .
crack knuckles all right , as a 4.5+ year vet , i will give you the rundown . it is a little confusing , even to us veteran vips , so i will do my best to explain . whether or not you decide to buy the game given the free player restrictions is fairly subjective , so i can not answer that part . but i can explain the differences between the 3 tiers of player type , so you ( hopefully ) have enough information to make an informed decision . this is also going to be long , so you will have to bear with me . unfortunately , the question you asked , " does stuff stay unlocked , " greatly depends on which aspect of the game you are talking about and is not easily answerable , so i pretty much have to go through all of it . with city of heroes : freedom , there are three different ways to play the game , either as a free player , a premium player , or a vip player . you can check this link on the official site for a side-by-side comparison of what you will be receiving . if you are unfamiliar with the game , then most of these benefits/restrictions will be unclear to you . i will do my best to explain them in a context that is understandable for those who have not played before by breaking down things in the tables in the link that are potentially unclear . i am going to assume that someone will read this in order as well , so i am not going to re-explain , say , what costume pieces/auras are in the vip section after already explaining it in the free section , so the free section will likely be the longest . i will also include links to paragon wiki , the unofficial official wiki for coh , for stuff that is not directly pertinent but you may want to know more about . free player coh : freedom 's " free " option is more accurately described as an " endless trial . " in fact , because you can play for free now , they have done away with the old 14 day trial method . you can level fully to level 50 as a free player . however , free players suffer from the same limitations as the old trial players , especially in regards to social features . this is likely to prevent spammers/gold farmers from taking over chat , but it can still be frustrating for legit players . you will be able to play the majority of the game though . also , not mentioned in the table , is that you will have an inf ( coh 's currency ) cap of 25 million per character . all free players are counted as being in tier 1 of the paragon rewards program . free player limitations assume you never buy anything from the paragon market ( coh 's ingame store ) or plan to subscribe . seeing as you are not earning tokens by spending any money or subscribing , you cannot advance further in the paragon rewards program . once you have spent money , you are a premium player . character features 8 archetypes ( blaster , brute , corruptor , defender , dominator , scrapper , stalker and tanker ) . free players are locked out of the pet classes ( controller and mastermind ) because of the load that pets put on the servers , as well as the epic ats ( peacebringer/warshade/arachnos soldier/arachnos widows ) , which are basically prestige classes that are unlocked by getting a regular hero/villain to level 20 . they can be more complicated to play , especially the kheldians ( peacebringers/warshades ) so they were originally only unlockable by getting a character to 50 , though that has been lowered . 100+ powersets : each at ( archetype ) is broken into a primary and secondary powerset . there are also power pools and epic pools you can choose from later on , but the bread and butter of a at is its primary and secondary powersets . each class has a specific combination of powerset types , like melee , range , buff , control , etc . for example , a scrapper , your typical melee dps class , has melee sets as its primary , and various armor sets as its secondary . there are ( currently ) 14 melee sets and 9 armor sets , which you can combine in any way you want . each at has several combinations you can make in the same vein . however , because you cannot use the control sets or mastermind sets , this limits your powerset options . thousands of costume pieces and auras : coh is well known for its character creator . as a free player , you will receive the majority of the available costume pieces and auras ( also part of your costume , auras are cosmetic , well , auras that can appear around your character as part of their costume , like sparkles , flames , electricity , etc . ) . honestly , as a free player , you are not missing out severely , as the costume creator is still incredibly robust even if you choose not to buy anything . content features coh : going rogue package is not included : this includes 4 new powersets , the alignment system , and access to praetoria . the alignment system adds 2 new alignments , vigilante and rogue , which allows a hero to go villain and vice versa . a character who is a hero can only access hero-side ( known coloquially as blueside ; villian-side is known as redside ) zones and content . a vigilante is a hero-going-villain who can either stay as a vig and access both blueside and redside content , or complete the change to a villian , where you can only access redside zones and content . a rogue is the same as a vigilante , only from the opposite direction . however , vig and rogue characters can only access mission contacts from their starter side . praetoria is basically coh 's alternate earth universe , which , prior to going rogue had been featured in high level missions , including stuff like alternate-universe versions of high-profile npcs , of mob types , etc . going rogue brought us actual access to praetoria , which ( currently ) consists of 4 zones of content from level 1-30 . it is also , frankly , one of the most gorgeous areas in the game , with a really rich metropolitan feel as well as a complete underground sewer network . using coh 's ultra mode ( an optional graphics upgrade that also applies to the rest of the game , not just praetoria ) , it is pretty stunning . first ward access is included : first ward is a new praetorian zone , with a new zone event ( public quest ) , and new contact missions . it is also very pretty . however , first ward mission content is not included , so if you want to do anything there aside from the public quest and look around , you will need to purchase access to it . incarnate system is not included : the incarnate system is the endgame content system that they first released with issue 19: alpha strike in oct . 2010 ( coh 's major content patches are called issues , an homage to its comic-book inspiration ) . this is basically content for level 50 's that allows you to do incarnate trials ( currently only 4 , they are basically coh 's equivalent of raids ) , as well as work towards incarnate abilities , which are power pools only accessible to level 50 characters . incarnate trials , while being coh 's functional equivalent to raids , are not raids on the scale that you would find in something like wow . because the gameplay systems are so different , you will not really find anything with the raid complexity that wow has . you will basically end up doing what you always do in raids : grind them for gear ( or in coh 's case , for salvage ( crafting pieces ) which you can craft into enhancements ( coh 's equivalent of gear/armor/gems/etc . ) ) incarnate abilities are divided into 10 types , only 5 of which are currently released , with 5 more planned . each type is divided into subtypes , which are different branches of the overall power type . they do things like increase passives , add new pets , new powers , etc . and are only usable for level 45+ content . for example , the judgement ability is an aoe damage power , and its ( currently ) 4 subtypes are cold , energy , negative energy and fire damage types . the devs also state that they plan on adding more subtypes to the incarnate abilities , which they already did with lore ( a pet power ) and are planning to do with judgement , among others . social features super groups are available : a super group is coh 's equivalent of a guild . you also get access to a base which you can customize and decorate , add zone teleporters to , use for enhancement/salvage storage , and also ally with other sgs for access to their tps as well . you also have a sg chat ( guild chat ) and coalition chat ( guild ally chat ) . as of issue 23 , free players may now join supergroups , though they are still restricted from creating them . chat is restricted to local and team : this is a bit mislabeled , as you can access local ( the area around you ) , team ( self-explanatory ) , plus help , pets ( people can make their pets do emotes/chat ) , friends ( a room for everyone on your local friends list ) , league ( leagues are coh 's equivalent of raid teams ) , arena ( pvp area ) , emote , and the global mission architect channel ( called architect entertainment or ae ingame , it is explained further down ) . the looking for group/lfg chat has been added in issue 23 , which allows all free , premium , and vip players to chat with one another , and if you are a member of a supergroup/coalition , you will be able to use those channels as well . you cannot send tells , join global channels ( which are member created channels ) , or speak in broadcast ( zone chat ) . ingame mail is not available : while it is not used much for interpersonal communication , you can attach inf , enhancements , and recipes ( crafting blueprints ) to emails to trade them to yourself ( by mailing to yourself ) and other players . there is a 60 day limit on attachments though , otherwise they are deleted . forums access is read only : you will not be able to post on the forums at all . account features free paragon points stipend is not available : coh rolled out the paragon rewards program with the release of coh : freedom , which replaces their old veteran reward system . basically , each month you are subscribed , you can get a stipend of 400 points ( worth $5 in their store ) , as well as a reward token , which you can use towards various types of rewards in tiers 1-9 of the reward table . you can see a current list of rewards here on paragon wiki . since free players are not subbed , they do not get a stipend . you get reward tokens when : you create account ( this is how all free players get their first ) the first time you buy paragon points ( minimum purchase 400 pp ) every 1,200 pp you purchase ( yes , this stacks with your first purchase ) applying a retail code ( this counts only once for any retail code , so you can not purchase multiple retail codes for more tokens ) you were subbed prior to the launch of coh : freedom . you will receive a one-time grant of a variable number of tokens based on your previous subscription time . vip players accrue one per month during their paid subscription no access to tier 9 vip rewards : once you reach tier 9 in the rewards program , there is an additional tier of rewards called tier 9 vip . they are currently a set of celestial armor , which is not available to get any other method . this is to reward the long term vets of the game ( or anyone who has paid enough paragon points ( pp ) to get that high ) with exclusive items . only 2 character slots allowed : as a free player , you receive 2 global character slot tokens which can be applied to any server your account has access to , which would be all of them except exalted , which is a vip-only server . server transfers need to be purchased : for $10 usd ( as of this posting , all prices subject to change , yadda yadda ) , you can purchase a server transfer in the paragon market . auction house use needs to be purchased : for $2 , you can purchase a 30-day auction house license , which will allow you to buy and sell on the auction house ( named wentworth 's blueside , black market redside , though they are all the same market and the market goes across all servers ) . mission architect use needs to be purchased : the mission architect ( ae ) is the tool ingame which allows you to create your own missions and publish them for other players to play , as well as play missions made by others . in order to play in the ae , you have to be at least tier 2 in the paragon rewards program , where you can earn xp , but not drops . you can get drops by being tier 4 , and you can publish personal stories at tier 6 . invention use needs to be purchased : invention origin enhancements are only available to a free player via purchase of a $2 30-day license . to understand the difference between regular enhancements and invention origin ( ios ) enhancements and why you would want io access , you first need to understand what regular enhancements are . enhancements are coh 's equivalent of armor/gear . there are several types of non-invention enhancements ingame , including training origin ( tos ) , dual origin ( dos ) , and single origin ( sos ) . to access is from level 1 , do from level 12 , and so from level 22 . dos are twice as effective as tos , and sos are twice as effective as dos . so your character always looks forward to that magical level of 22 , when you finally get to properly gear yourself . the thing about sos though , is that they can be outleveled , like regular gear in other games can be outleveled . once you get over 3 levels above the level of so you have , it becomes nonfunctional , the equivalent of having no enhancement slotted . this is known as going red ingame , as the number listed on the enhancement turns red . so if someone says " my enhancements went red/are red , " then they need to re-buy more enhancements for their level , which costs inf . invention origin enhancements cannot be outleveled . if you slot a level 10 accuracy io , you can use it even after you are level 14+ , even up to level 50 ( though that would be a silly decision gameplay wise , as a level 10 common acc io will give you +11.7% accuracy and a level 50 common acc io will give you +42.4% accuracy ) . for this reason , many people choose to use common ios once they reach higher levels , as they will not have to re-purchase enhancements every few levels . there are 2 types of ios : common and set ios . commons enhance the same attributes that tos/dos/sos do , like accuracy , defense , damage , etc . set ios do this as well , but in addition to that , they have set bonuses . these work the same way as armor sets in other games do in that you receive bonuses for each piece of the set you have slotted in a specific power . the ability to use these set ios is the main reason that one would want to purchase an invention license . without the license , you can only use tos/dos/sos ( and hos , which are hamidon origin enhancements , only available from level 50 content , and were considered the high level/elite enhancements before the invention system was released in issue 9 ) no access to priority queues : vips get priority access for logging onto servers , free and premium players must wait ( though this it is rare that there are queues ) . vip-only server access denied : there is one server , exalted , which is vip-only . no access to premium in-game customer support : you will not be able to file petitions for gm help and the like . premium player you become a premium player once you have spent any money on coh , including having purchased any retail version and applied its code in the past ( though you only get 1 token from purchasing any retail version , so you can not earn more tokens buy purchasing more versions ) , purchased something from the paragon market , or having had a subscription which you let expire . therefore , it is impossible to ever " downgrade " to a free player after you are premium . if you are a subscribing player ( vip ) and decide to stop subscribing , you will become a premium player . seeing as being premium means you have spent money on the game , you will be able to advance to further tiers in the paragon rewards program based on how much money you have spent or how many months you have previously been subscribed . character features 8+ archetypes : you have the option to pay 1,000 paragon points ( $12.50 usd ) to unlock any of the pet and epic archetypes . if you unlock these via the store you will always have access to these ats . in addition , acquiring 13 paragon reward tokens will also give you permanent access to these ats . if you downgrade from vip to premium and do not have 13 reward tokens or an at license , these characters will be locked to you . 100+ powersets : with the potential to unlock controllers , mms , and epic archetypes , in addition to an optional purchase of going rogue , your access to various powersets increases . thousands of costume pieces and auras : there are many different costume packages available in the store , including the ones which were previously optional paid content for paying customers , like the origins pack , science pack , etc . content features coh : going rogue package is not included : you can purchase this package , which includes the 4 powersets , alignment switching , and praetoria access , or purchase them piecemeal on the paragon market . first ward access is included : like with free players , first ward mission content is not included , so you will need to purchase access to it . incarnate system is not included social features super groups are joinable : you are allowed to join existing sgs , use bases , etc . however , you cannot create one . chat is restricted to local , team and tells : in addition to the other channels i listed in free , you are also able to send tells ( whispers ) to individual players . forums access is read only account features free paragon points stipend is not available no access to tier 9 vip rewards 2 slots + unlocked/purchased character slots are available : via past retail purchases and purchases from the paragon market , a premium player can have up to 24 more character slots on each server for a total of 36 on each server , except exalted . the total number of global character slot tokens is variable because of this . when you revert to premium from vip , all your open slots over the default 2 you get as free , whether they have a character in them or not , are reverted to gcs tokens , which you can then reallocate . when reverting to premium from vip , if you do not otherwise have access to controllers , masterminds , or epic archetypes via licenses or paragon rewards , you will not be able to unlock these characters even with your extra slots . server transfers need to be purchased auction house use needs to be purchased or unlocked via paragon rewards : purchasing the $2 license will give you 30 days access and having 8 paragon reward tokens will grants you lifetime access . mission architect available through paragon rewards system invention use needs to be purchased or unlocked via paragon rewards : you can either buy the $2 30 day license or acquiring tier 7 ( 27 reward tokens ) of the paragon rewards program will give you lifetime access to inventions . note that if you slotted ios either by purchasing a license or subscribing to become a vip , you will lose the benefits of slotted ios if the license runs out or you unsubscribe and become premium . this has been a large point of contention in the community , but is currently not under review to be changed ( unfortunately ) . no access to priority queues vip-only server access denied no access to premium in-game customer support vip player vip players are the ones that pay the normal $15/month subscription fee . character features 14 archetypes : you receive access to controllers , mms , and epic ats without any extra purchases . 150+ powersets thousands of costume pieces and auras : vips receive going rogue , imperial defense force and defense sets for free . content features coh : going rogue package is included : first ward access and first ward mission content are included incarnate system is included : vip exclusive . social features super groups are joinable and can be created : only vips can create sgs . all chat channels are available and custom global channels can be created : only vips can create custom global channels . forums access is read and post : only vips can post on the forums account features free 400 paragon points stipend : you receive 400 pp for free each month you are subbed . access to tier 9 vip rewards : these rewards are vip exclusive . 12+ per server are allowed : you have 12 slots per server with an additional 24 purchasable , for a total of 36 per server . free server transfer per month : you receive 1 free server transfer per month , and they are stackable . full auction house use full mission architect use full invention system use access to priority queues : vips get preference when joining a server if there are queues . vip-only server access : vips can access the exalted server . access to premium in-game customer support : you can send petitions ingame for gm help . hopefully , you have a better idea of what you will retain and what you will lose as each of the 3 types of players . if you need any clarifications , feel free to ask and i will edit accordingly .
if you can not kill hell diablo yourself yet , then you certainly are not ready for inferno yet . as to where to farm , currently it is a little weird . act 3/4 hell is where you should be , but currently the level 60 gear does not drop until you are actually inside inferno . i believe the best gear you can get in hell is level 59 , so aim for all level 55+ gear . if you are still needing gear , then the ah may be a good option . currently you really need to be farming act 1 inferno to get gear to be able to complete act 1 inferno , which is kind of frustrating . as of 1.0.3 release , level 60 gear will start dropping in act 3/4 hell as well as the hellish whimsy-shire . this should make farming to get into inferno a little easier . if it makes you feel any better , my monk is in all level 60 gear from the ah and still struggling to make it to leoric . it is a little ridiculous at the moment .
the system is actually quite complex , so if you want a full understanding of it , i am just going to refer you to tfergusson 's party mechanics guide , section 1.4 has all the details . if you just want a general idea though , here 's a table that i pulled out of that guide , summing up each character 's " grade " in each stat . the numbers range from 0-29 , and lower numbers represent larger gains .
well if you are really affraid of being hooked versus pudge , having wards high ground is the best solution . you can ask your support to put up wards so you will always see where pudge is ( see screenshot at the end ) . then as an invoker you can put an early point in wex just fot ghost walking away . this might delay your dual forge spirit ( in the qe built ) but if you really feel insecure that might be the best way to go . with any mid hero you have to not make the basic mistake versus pudge which is : try to escape the rot by running . if you ever get hooked , trade hit with pudge and burst him with your spell . if you try to run you are almost certainly dead . pudge has a really low armor at low level so your right click damage will hurt him badly , plus remember that the rot inflict damage to himself too so you can often turn a hook into a kill for yourself , just dont be afraid to manfight him . pudge players tend to get overconfident when they land a hook , prove them they should not . another great tip is : rot does not dispell healing salve until its level 4 , so you can use a salve to get some hp back between 2 hit and that might save your life . screenshots those wards ' position can be used to avoid any kind of early ganks . you can watch the minimap to have an idea on what vision it gives . when you are on the radiant side : when you are on the dire side : this last observer is usefull to scout mid highgrounds at all time to avoid hooks ( you can place it on both side but preferably the enemy 's side ) :
as with a dh build eventually the benefits of a shield start to outweigh the benefits of a second weapon . as nice as it is to deal damage and clear enemies more quickly , heck sometimes it feels essential , having low armor , resists and other goodies common on a shield will get you killed from most of the aoe affixes . so the debate between dodge and block % might seem very important , i would argue it is not , but having a decent level of both is even more effective than a high roll of one or the other . i have done too much math tonight to demonstrate it , but in essence if you fail the dodge check you can now take a chance on the block check . it is combinatorially more efficient .
my experience is that sooner or later , the miner does pick up the asteroid pieces , but task priority in the current version of the game ( alpha 1 ) appears to be a bit buggy . sometimes the workers simply decide they have better things to do than performing low priority tasks . a similar example is doors marked for demolishing that are far away from the base . it can take extremely long before anyone decides to perform the task , even in cases where i lock workers up right next to the task i want them to do . so in short , i believe you are already doing the right thing .
time in the sense of day/night cycle and weather passes while no one is on , however in all other senses time does not pass in a given chunk unless a player is online and nearby enough for it to be loaded .
in vanilla skyrim , you can not be both . if you have pc , you can use this mod to be both . http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/25095/ ?
according to your comment , you are only interested in recurring or important characters . ( i am not counting the post-gameplay ending of me3 here , which has very obvious consequences based on choices you make in the ending sequences - you will know what you are getting into . ) to summarize without spoilers , when you ask " are all major npcs , by the end of the trilogy , equally likely to have survived or been killed based on some player-controllable factors ? " the answer is " absolutely not " . in light of that , let 's start with squad mates , since they tend to be more non-obvious and have more ways in which they can die . . . in mass effect 1: you can shoot wrex at the beginning of the virmire mission , but this is entirely optional . either ashley or kaiden must be left behind to die on virmire . all other squadmates will live through the game - note that it is possible to skip recruiting a couple of them ! in mass effect 2: every single permanent squad mate can potentially die during the suicide mission . this is all of : tali , garrus , miranda , jacob , jack , grunt , thane , mordin , legion , samara , ( or morinth , if you let her kill samara during her loyalty mission ) , zaeed , and kasumi . shepard can also die during the suicide mission if fewer than two squad mates live ( and if he does , you can not import that data to me3 ) . in mass effect 3 ( including previously-playable squad members who are not playable in me3 ) : any squadmate can be killed at the final mission if your readiness is too low and you take them in your squad . edi will not die ( she is in the normandy 's computers ) , but her physical platform will be destroyed . tali will commit suicide if you do not properly handle the situation with the geth . legion will die here in some manner or another no matter what you do . mordin can die on tuchanka - if wrex is alive at this point , it is impossible to both cure the genophage and have mordin live . if you sabotage the genophage cure , wrex will figure it out and confront you , i believe he ends up dying at this point regardless of what you do . no matter what else you do , thane will always end up succumbing to his illness if he has made it that far . this will happen off-camera if you do not visit him in time . jack will be turned by cerberus if you do not help her on grissom academy , and you will have to kill her . miranda will die if you do not warn her about kai leng . zaeed and grunt can die when they show up if they were not loyal in me2 . kasumi maybe dies , but it is hard to tell since it looks the same even if you end up finding that she lives . samara can die during her mission if you do not stop her from committing suicide . morinth will not show up there , but will end up turned into a banshee by the end of the game . as for non-squad mates : notable recurring npcs who will die in the course of the series , at some point or another , no matter what you do : anderson , udina , illusive man , kai leng , saren , matriarch benezia , nyreen , the clone notable recurring npcs who may or may not die depending on your actions : dr . chakwas , kelly chambers , engineers donnelly and daniels , barla von , admiral xen , admiral koris , captain kirrahe , eve , conrad , balak , shiala , wreav ( this one hinges solely on how long wrex lives , you will not directly influence it ) , maya brooks also depending on your actions , the entire geth race and the entire quarian migrant fleet ( although presumably a few quarians elsewhere would have survived ) . notable recurring npcs who will not die , regardless : joker , hackett , aria , aethyta , bailey , engineer adams
you had choose beyond the sword to play the bts content and warlords to play the warlords content . thus , you had pick " complete " to play vanilla civ iv , similar to how steam gives you n number of launch shortcuts depending on which expansions you have installed .
nope - no saving is what makes the pit so darn tricky .
what i found out was that this is glitch like mentioned in comments the render around 6 is about were it happens the best thing to do is to downgrade or to wait for the next update .
go to your dock and transfer there . you can transfer to an island that does not have a dock , but not from an island that does not have a dock .
unlike clash of clans , in boom beach you either get all the resources or you walk away with nothing . destruction of the headquarters is the only thing that matters . this is the same in both pvp and pve . thus , there is no loot-based benefit to destroying other buildings before hitting the hq . if you can hit it and kill it without dying or without encountering certain defensive buildings , then you should absolutely do so . i believe some of the pve maps are specifically laid out to teach you to exploit this . as you have noted , you do get extra gunboat energy for destroying buildings , so if a person or the ai has left buildings undefended , it might be worth trashing them to get some extra energy , depending on your strategy . however , that is the one and only reason for doing so .
talk to your spouse and children , there will be an option to have them move . the destination must have valid sleeping accommodations to appear as a choice .
yes , they will be safe in those quarters . i have all the unique artifact style weapons and armor i have acquired and am not using in that exact chest . the earliest ones have been in there for at least 50 hours now . the alchemical components and soul gems on the shelves in the room have restocked a few times , my collection of knick-knacks is fine .
just to correct some mis-information in this question and responses : a classic game ( without the tutorial ) starts you with 5 engineers + 5 scientists . for both the workshop and laboratory , they require 6 engineers /scientists to unlock them for construction . if you do not feel you can take the first 4 engineer ( or scientist if your rushing the laboratory ) mission that pops up , then rely on your second satellite to pick up an african or asian country to get the +1 engineer bonus if you have set up in north/south america/europe , giving you the required 6 engineers for the start of month 2 . ( for the lab , the opposite is true , place a satellite in north/south america/europe ) . i would say that getting the first 4 engineer mission is more helpful than controlling the panic levels however , allowing you to focus on something more beneficial such as the officer training school ^^
regardless of whether you are streaming to the netflix application on the wii , the ps3 , or the xbox 360 , the answer 's the same : the netflix application contains no such controls for this platform—or at least , no readily available controls . enterprising users may be able to unlock the ability through software modification by making use of a hacked console ; however , these methods have a variety of associated dangers such that i have never bothered to investigate them .
it was not obvious to me from the tutorial , but in the forest section you have the option to plant or sell " tree spawners " . flowers and mushrooms only spawn in empty locations , where no trees are planted . if you want more flowers , sell or bag up all your tree spawners . if you want more wood , plant more trees or pull some out that you stored in your bag . trees are pretty cheap , so even if you sell and rebuy over and over it is not a very big financial penalty .
spreadsheet google doc version ( last updated apr 8 , 2012 ) download ( excel 2007+ ) ( last updated apr 8 , 2012 ) notes according to this answer , values do not increase if you already have all of the items in that category , which should mean that these will remain accurate throughout . the values in the table are estimates and are not actual values . these values are used to predict what is likely better , but without the actual values , this is the best that can be done . ultra-rare items are set to 0 for veteran packs based on the answer provided by rare candy here . i have seen disputes of this , however , so there is a chance that this is not the case . if anyone can show a screenshot of getting an ultra-rare from a veteran pack , that would be helpful . formula used to calculate values is Cost / Total Percentage which gives the estimated cost per item level for each pack . buying with credits for obtaining uncommon items , buy a veteran pack . with my estimates , premium veteran packs offer little to no value in terms of uncommon , but some value in terms of rare items . spectre packs have a much lower value in terms of uncommon items ( based on my estimates ) but have a significantly higher value for rare items . premium spectre packs , by my estimates offer slightly better value for rare items , and significantly better value for ultra-rare items . buying with ( ms/bioware ) points again , given my estimates a veteran pack and a premium veteran pack offer little to no difference in terms of value . also , as above , rare value is significantly higher in spectre packs , but uncommon value is also significantly lower . premium spectre packs are , by my estimates , a better value for both rare ( slightly better ) and ultra-rare ( significantly better ) items . summary buy veteran packs to obtain uncommon items , and premium spectre packs to obtain rares and ultra-rares . if a premium spectre pack is not available , i would recommend a standard spectre pack for rare and ultra-rare items .
you are right , an initiator is someone who starts a fight in the team . generally , the abilities that allow them to take this role would be stuns and crowd control abilities , and also abilities , that mess with the opposing teams positioning . some good examples of initiating heroes/abilities would be : earthshaker - fissure : block the opposing team from running away , or potentially split melee heroes . tidehunter - ravage : stuns a very large area . puck - dream coil : mini stun + damage for a decent radius , heroes that attempt to run are damaged and stunned again . warlock - chaotic offering : stuns everyone near the summoned demon , who does damage to anyone standing near it while it is alive . venomancer - poison nova : high damage dot and slow to all nearby units . 1200 damage at level three ( without aghanim 's scepter ) .
it seems like the only ways in are through charles bank and north end . the main gate is at charles bank , but there are a few broken link fences over at north end that allows you to sneak past the wall .
kisho ninjas stealth , bombs , and ( relatively ) high strength can make them good distractions with their small sizes . kisho ninjas are best used to disrupt enemy flanks , assassinate your enemy 's generals , remove ranged archers or other ranged forces , or sneak into castles . option a : you can hide them , use your main force to attack , and then use them to throw bombs at the occupied enemy forces . ( your ninjas should be out of harms way , thus prolonging their use . ) option b : sneak into undefended ( or alternatively lightly , defended ) castles . option c : lure units away with the ninjas from areas you want to occupy ( say tenchu circles ) and go in for the kill while enemies are distracted . ( alternatively , a more expendable force can be used to lure them away , and use the ninjas to provide support or kill off their pursuers ) . option d : banzai ! ! experience from playing shogun 2 long enough . edit : as an alternative , you can always use kisho ninjas to defend castles , using grenades to take out climbing enemies . this way , your ninjas ( if not being rained upon by enemy arrows ) will be out of harms way while quickly demoralizing the enemy .
not even close . take for example the treasure hunting missions toxic knowledge and untouched ruins , which are the highest yield grade 6 missions that show up without a mission discovery . each of these normally returns 2-4 color crystals and 0-2 lorrdian gemstones , plus 2 color crystals and 2 corusca gems for a crit . ( i kept personal stats on these for a while . ) let 's assume a very high ( and nonexistent ) crit rate of 50% , so we average 1 corusca gem each time plus about 5 other mats . a corusca gem is worth about 2x as much so we get the equivalent of 7 basic mats per mission . the sell for ~120 credits each , for 840 credits total . the missions cost more than double that ! i have not crunched the numbers specifically but crafted goods seem to vendor for less than the cost of their materials .
if i recall correctly the main dungeon has 35 floors . of course , you may play an infinite number of floors even before finishing the main story , on account of treasure maps and the like .
you get the notification when your driver is under fire from another turret . be sure to position yourself so that you can shoot players in other turrets and stop them from hurting your driver . you will be able to see other players controlling turrets marked with their screen name : in the picture above you can see that aridspider and coma bunny are in turrets that are attacking drivers ( friendly marked in green ) . firing at these turrets will prevent other players from using them , saving your poor driver . this video has many examples of the notification popping up , all when the driver is damaged by another player 's turret .
the purchasable base game description says it includes levels 1-85 , meaning it includes the base game , tbc , wotlk and cataclysm . it does not include the latest expansion- mists of pandaria ( levels 86-90 ) . it does not include warlords of draenor because it has not been released yet- the purchase on the site is for pre-ordering .
note : this question could clearly been asked in a shorter way . the counter to tanks is adc . but the counter to adc is bruisers . any bruiser can easily solo a carry , unless they are a skilled vayne , jinx , ezreal etc . . the carry needs to kite really well and cc from his support to help him last longer from the bruisers all-in attacks . once their all-in attacks fail the carry can freely hit most bruisers without taking too much damage . what if they have 3 people diving on the carry ? you definitely need a really skilled carry working with a skilled support player to survive this kind of attack . the support should delay their advance while the carry gets them low enough for either teammates to take notice or just waste their time by kiting around . now there are some certain picks that will work really well againts heavy tanks . of course you will have to master these champions to really be effective . support : alistar - not a good initiator like people think he is , but he is an awesome carry defender . your carry should ofc be getting free hits while you do this . blitzcrank : can initiate and pull out an important target from the enemy also has good cc to protect the carry . when they dive , punch their bruiser , he will try to dive on the carry again , then pull him back . your carry should ofc be getting free hits while you do this . janna , lulu , nami : good players will not let enemy bruisers touch your carry . just focus on protecting your carry , instead of hitting their carries . adc : ashe - has no chance of surviving 3 tank dives , has low chance even with 2 tank dives . but a skilled ashe player can catch one of the enemy of guard with her ulti . turn the fight easily into 4v5 and carry . ezreal : can easily kite dives on you , does not deal too much damage but pretty hard to catch . kog'maw , vayne : anti-tank will melt them . really hard to play without a good support . apc : brand : does not usually survive the laning phase , but is he does , has awesome aoe , percent based nukes that can melt any tank . karthus : they are killing you ? no problem . just die in a proper place so you can damage with your aoe . they are diving adc ? no problem . just kill them from behind . syndra : can burst down anyone diving in . jungle : trundle : your tankyness are belong to us any position : kayle : her whole kit is anti-bruiser . helps yourself and your allies . keep your distanced from your carry , if they dive him , ulti your carry , wait , slow them , wait heal your carry , while taking the tank down . if they dive you ulti yourself and try to flash away . also as items consider botrk , liandrys and penetration items againts tanky teams .
this answer is updated as of patch 2.0/reaper of souls all previous answers assumed an environment where the auction house was a possibility for gem procurement . this is no longer the case in patch 2.0 , and in order to get gems above the " imperial " level , you must pay covetous shen to combine gems , as well as provide a few materials beyond simply money and gems at the highest levels . so , is it worth it to combine gems ? yes . in patch 2.0 , it is possible for marquise gems to drop from level 61 and higher monsters . it is also possible for imperial quality gems to drop from level 61 and higher monsters on master difficulty and higher . the gap between a marquise gem and an imperial gem is substantial , but gets even higher as you go further . let 's take an example of an emerald placed in your chestpiece . . . marquise : +62 dexterity imperial : +100 dexterity flawless imperial : +160 dexterity royal : +220 dexterity flawless royal : +280 dexterity so , given that you can achieve a boost of +180 to a particular stat by combining gems over what you can get just from drops , it is absolutely worth it .
if you have run minecraft on your machine , then you do have a . minecraft folder . it can be a bit tricky to find . here 's an easy way to get to it : launch minecraft . select " mods and texture packs " select " open texture pack folder " go up one level
at the time of this question ( after mr . torgue 's campaign of carnage dlc ) , there is no way past level 50 . that may change with future dlc . as for extra skill points , the only way is through class mods .
i will take a stab at this . first thing is to draw your main avenue out . second , look at the direction of the wind . note this direction because you want to place industry down wind and inital water away from that industry . in my case its north towards my highway , meaning my industry/dirty polluting things will be at the top . there are two ways to go about this like you said . either you can plan out and place your cheap roads first , then destroy roads later , or just slowly expand based on your funds . speaking of funds , do not be afraid to take out all 3 loans . if you have a grand plan in advance regarding road layout , you can afford the hit in your monthly income since early on you will have no service expenses so income will flow fine . just remember to get power , water , and enough road area for initial rci . okay so for this plan i am using a road layout system of halby on youtube . it basically involves a lot of t intersections and l-shaped roads to get the main traffic on your avenues and avoiding the side roads . this is my first time doing this from the start so i hope it goes well ! before this point i took out 3 $25k loans . it was enough to get this much roadwork down . it is important to mix your commercial and residential together closely . if a sim can walk to a local shop , he will not have to drive , and we all know traffic is the bane of everything negative in this game . stick with medium ( or low ) density roads . the reason i say this is the job requirement for commercial and industry high density buildings is much much larger and will wreck your city if you are not prepared for it . the idea behind this road layout is : in order to drive to work the sims will avoid driving on all those side streets and basically funnel them towards the avenues . i may not have the perfect spacing here , but that is the general idea . avoid making new " shortest path " roads since that is the direction your sims will want to take by default . this strategy does cause a lot of intersections so i may have to do some tweaking later . also , as i noted above , avoid 4-way intersections as much as you can . the reason for this is it can cause gridlock when compared to t-intersections because there are less " left turns " . also note at the moment mass transit is buggy so it causes general traffic problems . street cars get stuck ( apparently only if they have a lot of intersections , one-loop is ok ) , too many buses flood from the region , buses follow each other around in packs , service vehicles get buggy and get stuck in the roads . basically anything you can do to lessen the burden on your traffic ( including limiting 4-way ) the better . one of my worst traffic-jam cities ( 120k pop ) has 100% avenues with 4-way intersections . horrible idea . one of my more traffic free city ( 80k pop though ) has 95% medium density stop signs and hardly any stop lights . go figure . i have been seeing recommendations that park-n-rides are better than bus stops because of limiting cars vs just transporting walking people . i do not know so much but its definitely smart to put some park-n-rides near the region entrance . this will allow incoming cars stop and get off the streets . avoid dead end roads . it may be tempting , but you will run into problems because of the dumb nature of sims . basically a larger number will start heading for a house/job/business . if it fills up and they have not arrived yet , they have to turn around . this causes unnecessary intersection issues . if you can connect your dead-end road somewhere , they will continue along their way . i do not know how big of a deal this is in the real world but it seemed logical to me when i read it . this is especially problematic if you have long dead end roads . hopefully this helps . there are all sorts of different types of layouts as well . circular cities , " palm " layouts , straight squares is what most people go for . anyways good luck ! i would recommend reading as much you can about traffic and theories people have to broaden your understanding of traffic . i might edit this post if anymore ideas pop in my head . one thing i did not discuss was commuting and how this can wreck havoc on your ideal road layout setup . if you have another city in your region , your main goal should be to closely monitor your population details ( ignore the rci guy ) . strive to have low unfilled jobs and low unemployment . if either is high , it will cause commuters in and commuters out , which can add extra burden on your traffic system and bring any city to its knees . services i wanted to also bring up the idea of placing important and traffic heavy services opposite of the flow of general working/shopping residents . the thought here is to put them in a location that will not impact the highest traffic roads . examples of this would be : police , fire , schools ( especially university ! this is very important ) , buses , basically any service or building that is going to bring traffic or depend on getting out to do their job . this applies to tourism and casinos as well , you do not want your worker traffic going to the same place as your tourists . in my example services would be ideal in east/west direction as worker traffic flow is going north/south :
click the item and press charge - on pc it is default to T . you will need a charged soul gem , though ( the level of soul gem dictates the charge returned ) . this uses up the soul gem .
just make sure there is at least a 1025 blocks distance between your overworld portals : likelihood of 2 overworld portals linking to the same nether portal - normal world portals that are within 1024 distance of each other on either x or z axis are almost always going to link to the same nether realm portal on initial construction because 1024 translates to a distance of 128 in the nether realm , and the game checks for existing portals within 128 " radius " around the destination ( the 257x257x128 box ) . ( minecraft wiki ) you should also note that , in smp prior to 1.6 , portals were bugged for quite some time and needed server mods like bukkit in order to work . ask your admins/operators , there may still be some bukkit plugin running on your server handling the nether .
i am not sure what hp10pl is , but : ad - attack damage - the stat that directly affects melee auto-attack damage . many melee/fighter/tank champions will want to get ad gear to increase their damage . ap - ability power - the stat that directly affects ability damage . many mage/ranged champions will want to get ap gear to increase their damage . arpen - armor penetration - makes your ad attacks ignore some amount of the enemy 's armor when they hit . as - attack speed - the speed in which you attack with normal attacks ( not spells ) . ad champions benefit from this . b - 1 . back ; 2 . baron - 1 . to signify that you are going to recall into your base or otherwise retreat ; named either for the word " back " or for the fact that by default , pressing b initiates recall . 2 . refers to baron nashor , the boss monster who spawns at 15 minutes and is found near the top lane on summoner 's rift . blue - blue buff on summoner 's rift , from the ancient golem . provides scaling cdr and bonus mana/energy regen . bot - generally refers to the bottom lane in summoner 's rift and twisted treeline , or the champions who are laning there . e.g. , " bot mia " = " the enemy champions in bot lane are missing , beware . " on dominion , this refers to the lower-left or lower-right capture points , as well as the bottom lane in general . carry - heroes , usually ad heroes , capable of dealing massive damage and taking down entire groups , but usually die themselves easily too ( they " carry " the entire team for the damage ) cc - crowd control , which refers to abilities that restrict a champions ability to act or move , such as slows and stuns . cdr - cooldown reduction - the more % , the quicker the cooldown on spells is over ( a maximum of 40% ) . usually good for casters or heroes without mana . cs - creep score - the count of the number of creeps minions you have killed . higher number means you have been better at last hitting , and have more gold to spend . dive - tower diving , the fact of attacking an enemy under his tower , usually to deal a killing blow on a low-health champion . doing so makes the tower attack the diver , making it a risky move . drag - dragon - the boss creep near bottom lane on summoner 's rift . gank - to gang up on an enemy champion by surprise and kill him/her . gp10 - gold per 10 seconds . how much gold you generate per 10 seconds , by items , runes or masteries . useful for support champions . hard leash ( red/blue ) - same as a normal leash ( see below ) , but leaving the monster with very little health ( around ~10% ) and the jungler finishes the monster without using smite ( usually to save it for the other buff since he will not be receiving help this time ) . imo - in my opinion , sometimes imho - in my humble opinion . this is a common abbreviation across the web , and is not limited to online games . ks - kill steal - when someone finishes an enemy , but other teammate wanted to perform . leash ( red/blue ) - helping the jungler with a neutral monster until the monster is at ~30-40% of health at the beginning of a game , so that the jungler can use smite to finish it ( usually people leave the area so that the jungler gets all the experience ) . mia - missing in action - means that the enemy in your lane ( or the specific enemy you mention ) is no longer visible in your lane , and may be on his way to " gank " a teammate . everyone should be careful and watch out for the missing champion . also used : " miss " or " ss " mid - refers to mid-lane in summoner 's rift , or the middle level of capture nodes in dominion . mm - matchmaking - the system in lol that teams up people/puts them against each other . mp5 ( aka mp/5 ) - mana per 5 seconds - a stat referring to how much mana your champion recovers every 5 seconds . mpen - magic penetration - makes your magical attacks ignore some amount of the enemy 's magic resistance when they hit . proc - refers to an item 's or an abilities ' activation due to some other action , usually but not always a basic attack . examples include phage 's move speed buff ( basic attack ) , vel'koz ' passive ( spell damage ) , vi 's denting blows ( both basic attacks and spell damage ) , caitlyn 's headshot , etc . pull ( red/blue/drake ) - the fact of hitting a neutral monster , usually at range , so that it will follow you for a few seconds , allowing another champion to attack it without getting damage . you will find this typically at the beginning of the game , with the carry pulling the golem/lizard for the jungler . as of season 3 , this no longer works on red or blue . red - red buff on summoner 's rift , from the lizard elder . scaling damage over time and slow . sr - summoners rift ( 5v5 map ) - the most played map , the classic dota 5v5 . has 3 lanes , the dragon mob and the boss nashor . also : " rift " top - top lane in summoner 's rift/twisted treeline , or the upper-left/upper-right capture points in dominion . tt - twisted treeline ( 3v3 map ) - the smaller map for 6 players , has 2 lanes . tp - teleport - summoner 's spell
here is a chart put together by someone on the endless space forums : post : http://forums.amplitude-studios.com/showthread.php?6030-hero-skills-tree chart : http://i.stack.imgur.com/22eao.jpg pilot most abilities key off veteran 1 +movement on fleet +offense and +defense +hp regen on fleet commander abilities scattered everywhere : assailant 1 , defender 1 , 2 , veteran 1-4 lots of battle actions : +crit on kinetics , +block , destroyed ships survive with 5% hp ( ! ) -accuracy to enemy +xp from battle +offense and +defense change assignment every turn corporate most abilities keyed off negotiator 1 and 3 +trade routes and trade route bonuses +20% science off veteran 2 -> dust wielder 1 administrator most abilities keyed off director 1 and 2 +approval ( flat ) +industry ( flat and % ) +food ( flat and % ) +defense off defender 1 adventurer most abilities keyed off veteran 1 > ground pounder 1 and veteran 3 +money leech +blockade bypass +science leech +melee and +offense a few battle actions : +critical on lasers , -defense mods on enemy , illusions other notes : all classes other than the adventurer get a special ability based off dust wielder 1 administrators seem completely overpowered pilots and commanders seem approximately equal for fleets . commander gets better actions , pilots get better passives . corporate and adventurers seem underwhelming , unless i am missing something
if you have a computer monitor you can definitely hook your wii up to that . have a look at this
missions do not start with what you currently have . if you already had 35 bitzens moved in , then it will take an additional 30 to complete this mission . there would be 2 ways to complete this mission . option 1: evict 30 residents and fill those vacancies with new bitzens option 2: build 6 more resident floors ( 6 floors x 5 spaces = 30 ) and fill those vacancies with new bitzens
the redpower2 mod for minecraft removes the default chance of a mob dropping its head , and instead adds the vorpal enchantment . when killed with a vorpal enchanted weapon , mobs and players have a chance to drop their head , increasing with a higher vorpal level . unfortunately , this affect does not work on wither skeletons . the vorpal enchantment also gives a chance for your attack to deal a large amount of damage .
right-click the game 's entry in your library , click Properties , Set Launch Options... and add -novid . that'll automatically skip all the videos . by the way , this goes for any source game .
caravan is probably the most glitchy part of fallout : new vegas . i have also run into the same issues as you - there are several instances where the rules as explained do not seem to apply to the game as it is played . in addition to the glitches you mentioned , i also saw cases where it was clear that i would won , but the game would not acknowledge this , and i had to keep playing until the npc had won instead . i went so far as to write my own mod which makes no-bark noonan 's deck completely unwinnable , so that i could get the last few achievements tied to playing caravan . i am not aware of any tricks , mods , console commands , etc that " fix " the game so that it is played as intended .
this can be done from within the steam client there is an option within steam that toggles whether or not steam starts with your computer . to change it , open up the main steam window and select ' settings ' from the ' steam ' menu , followed by selecting the ' interface ' tab , which brings up the following screen ; simply uncheck ' run steam when my computer starts ' to prevent steam from starting with your computer . ( obviously if you wanted to steam to start with your pc , you had check this box instead of unchecking it ! )
the range of your attacks is only affected by the range of the skill you are using . a bo staff will not increase your range , same goes for other classes . it is especially obvious for the monk , since he usually attacks with his fists despite the difference in weapons you can equip .
i have found that they can be useful , especially when you first transition to a higher difficulty .
placing the torches in a special way can help . for example , place all torches on you are right side . so when you want to leave just go into the direction where the torches now are on your left side . also , walling of areas you already cleared can help really much . and can save you torches if you remove them after you leave that specific shaft . and since you wall them of you do not have to worry about creepers jumping you .
available dialogues in diablo 3 for deckard cain who are you ? available at the start of the quest : a shattered crown prophecy of the end days available at the start of the quest : a shattered crown your adopted niece available at the start of the quest : a shattered crown mad king leoric available at the start of the quest : a shattered crown disappears at the start of sword of the stranger the mysterious stranger available at the start of the quest : sword of the stranger disappears at the start of the broken blade *not needed for conversation achievement . the archangel tyrael available at the start of the quest : sword of the stranger the horadrim available at the start of the quest : the broken blade origins of the coven available at the start of the quest : the broken blade the worldstone available after the end of the quest : the broken blade inaccessible at the start of the doom of wortham . *note : you can use the quest choose method to start at the beginning of doom of wortham , just do not talk to the stranger , since when the quest officially starts , deckard can not be talked to anymore . leah and cain 's travels available after the end of the quest : the broken blade inaccessible at the start of the doom of wortham . *note : see above for details about the last 3 convos . taken from http://soe.hubpages.com/hub/deckard-cain-lore-and-character-dialogue-guide-diablo-3
honestly , i have almost 50 hours of playtime in this game , i have 100%ed well over a hundred locations , and i have not noticed any effect at all from these " disruptions " . i think it may just be flavor text . from a game design perspective , it would not make much sense to give them a debilitating effect , since that would make the game gradually become easier and easier .
dude i have been searching for hours . i have went through the savegame code file and nothing . i have searched that for " house " for " key " and for " false " and checked every single one and nothing was a match to it . my only conclusion so far is that there is no way to open this door . i am gonna run through the source code now to see if there is anything about that or the hidden commands that the computer tells us about and i will edit this later . edit found in the code : Village.prototype.goToFirstHouse = function () { alert("yay"); };  while the other houses call for a function named setplace this.getGame().setPlace(new SecondHouse(this.getGame()));  the first house only does an alert . which means there is nothing there and even if we managed to ' enter ' the first house we had only get an alert saying " yay " , nothing else . so there is nothing in the first house 8d
for windows 7 / vista you can use the windows experience index score . or , for a more precise estimate , you can use " can you run it ? ": http://www.systemrequirementslab.com/cyri this runs as a java applet that will actually benchmark your system and compare it to the performance of the game .
there are two moves that are called " technical " by the engine : throw defense ( lp+lk when your opponent tries to throw you ) and quick stand ( down when you are knocked down ) . reversals are related to timing . a reversal is a special move done at the first frame of recovery ( after a knockdown , block stun or hit stun ) . in example , if you do a shoryuken right after get up from a knockdown , it will count as a reversal .
first of all , backup your world directory so you can try things over and over again . ( although you should remember that you might spent more time trying to rescue yourself than you had need to get your stuff again ) then set the difficulty to peaceful which slows your dying ( but does not prevent it ! ) . now if you have some blocks in your inventory on a hotkey , after unpausing immediately look down , switch to the blocks and hold space ( jump ) and hold right click . if you are lucky this is fast enough to build a tower out of the lava ( which is hopefully not too deep ) . you will still be burning , which does not kill you on peaceful , but if you have a bucket of water put that on the side of your tower to get a small waterfall which also obsidianizes the lava below . good look ! alternatively you can use a map tool to change the lava pool you are in into water , but that would really be cheating .
this is how it works : every time you enter a portal , the game looks for an exit portal inside +/-128 blocks square ( y is irrelevant ) . if you enter a portal at x=100 , y=60 , z=200 in the overworld , this corresponds to x=12 , y=60 , z=25 in the nether . the game scans a square from ( x=-116 , z=103 ) to ( x=140 , z=153 ) , for all y values from 0 to 128 . the closest portal in that space is where you appear . if there is no portal in that area , one will be created in a suitable place . since there is a chance the x=12 , y=60 , z=25 will be obstructed , the game will search for an open space in that +/-128 blocks square . if such space is found nearby , all will be good , the new portal will lead back to the same one in the overworld . however , sometimes the game will put the nether portal far from the starting point , if it can not find other suitable place . let 's say it puts the nether portal at x=80 , y=60 , z=110 ( this is still in the +/-128 bounding box ) . when you enter that portal the game will search the corresponding space in the overworld : starting from x=640 , z=880 , it will search the +/-128 blocks - from x=512 , z=752 to x=768 , z=1008 . as you may notice , the original overworld portal is well outside this box . so the game will create a new portal in the overworld . this is what is happening in your world . to fix that , write down the coordinates of the portal in the overworld ( use f3 to get them ) and divide them by 8 . enter the nether , go to the calculated coordinates and create a portal from the nether . you do not have to be exact , as long as you are within 16 blocks from the calculated coordinates ( you need to match only x and z , y is irrelevant ) . then the game should find the original overworld portal . or : move the overworld portal using the above logic . in described situation , there is no way to make the two portals lead to each other without moving either of them . i would move the nether portal and if the new position is outside of the fortress , i would build a short safe walkway to the fortress . here is a crude drawing of the process :
i have found the best way to make money is pick up ingredients in the wild , make potions and sell them . this works best for invisibility , because you can sell it for squillions . it'll also help your alchemy skill and get you loads of restore health and magica potions . i have made around 20k mostly from potions . avoid buying expensive ingredients like void salts , fire salts , daedra hearts etc . the return is not worth the cost . win win win !
deal of the week is not the only way prices are reduced on xbla . there are more : there was also a christmas promotion ( a game a day ) last year and xbla inventory blowout this year . major nelson is a good ( and an advance ) source of such information : major nelson 's deal tag
you have to either keep just trying your luck , or you can use books and an anvil . you do this by enchanting multiple books with low level enchants , and then combining them on the anvil to make higher level enchanted books , and applying to your pick that way . to illustrate i have 3 enchanted books , one with efficiency 2 and two with efficiency 1 . i can use an anvil to combine the 2 eff 1 books into an eff 2 book , then the 2 eff 2 books into an eff 3 book , then apply this to my pick . unfortunaltey this means you are much less likely to get enchants like fortune and silk touch . you can use a tool such as minecraft enchantment calculator to make sure you are at the optimum level for certain enchants .
it is a typo on tooltip for the item in question . torhead reports the item as having 307 armor , which matches what the " stat changes " box would lead one to expect ( 228 + 79 = 307 ) scuttlebutt says that this value will properly show up after you equip it , just not before .
i found it ! it was the magic wand , which is formed from 3 ironwood branches plus the magic stick .
short answer - i do not think there are any changes before the final rush towards the beam . long answer - this page on the mass effect 3 wikia site details a lot of changes after the approach to the beam scene that constitutes the start of the outro sequence , but does not contain any information about changes before these scenes . i have not played through mass effect 3 from the start to confirm , however when i replayed the last missions after the extended cut was released i started from the beginning of the mission at the cerberus base as suggested by bioware themselves on their website but did not notice any changes in the story up until the beam approach scenes , where rather than controlling the approach yourself the game took control to allow the changes in the extended cut dlc to be presented . this page further details the additions to the epilogue cutscenes based upon your ems rating at the time of completion .
certain classes are better against certain other classes . in general : heavy is weak against spy , sniper , and demoman . heavy is strong against scout , pyro , and medic . heavy is even ( more or less ) against soldier . an engineer versus heavy depends entirely on if the engy has a level 2-3 sentry or not . a mini-sentry or level 1 sentry will almost always see the heavy win at full health . in this case , the engineer should flee . if he was building mini-sentries , building them as you flee is an excellent idea , as it will slow the heavy down to kill it , or make him ignore it to chase you , dealing him damage all the while . medic is weak against scout , pyro , and soldier . . . well , most of the classes in the game , but those three in particular . medic is strong against the spy , simply because a medic that continually moves will generally outrun or dodge a spy 's backstab . the thing is . . . a scout has the best chance of killing a medic if he can manage to get behind the medic , simply because a medic is a 2-shot kill with the standard scattergun at close range . now , the best defense against a heavy/medic pair is to work with your own teammates . if you can take out one of the two , the other teammates may be able to take out the other . if you really do need to combat them alone , sniper is likely your best bet . as tempting as it is to go after the medic first , if he keeps moving , he can generally outrun your scope . however , a fully charged headshot will one-shot the heavy . if they uber , run , unless you are an engineer trying to keep a sentry nest up . in this case , repair repair repair , and hope that they are not smart enough to have the medic block the sentry 's knockback effect . if you can get a pyro to help you by airblasting the medic or heavy away , even better . p.s. never go head-to-head versus a heavy , he will always likely win simply because of how much damage he does .
you have to enter the game when you are logged in to the playstation network . the game will ask you to update and this update will install the trophies . but if you already played the game , you will have to play it again in order to unlock any trophy .
from the wiki preventing a tan to prevent a tan , go out with an umbrella , do not go out while it is daytime , or stay inside . drastic measures include time travelling or staying off the game for long periods of time . hats will not stop tans from appearing . removing the tan take precautions . when going outside on sunny days , the player should use an umbrella or anything that will block out sun completely . wait it off . tans will fade after a while , and with some extra help it should be gone in no time . stay in a building or animal 's house for about an hour . turn the game off and save , time travel to the next day , and then repeat . keep doing that for a while and the player 's tan should eventually start to fade . liquefy 's faq on acnl also has some additional info .
the most profitable way to get rid of rare equipment is often the black lion trading post . for common equipment , the trade price is not even high enough to account for the cost to post the item . in those cases , it is more profitable to just sell them to a merchant . i would just sell them to a merchant unless you really need the materials that they are composed of , the essences of luck , or are working on the monthly salvages achievement . salvaging armor pieces usually nets less value than simply selling them .
this question has already been answered here to answer with out a link , the only ways to remove quests as of now are by either completing them or possibly by killing the person who gave you the quest . see the link above for more detail .
this guy has a youtube series called map attack when he gives out tips and tricks about some of the maps in mw2 .
are you on the companions quest chain by chance ? possibly the quest proving honor ? starting this quest ( and i think several other companions quests ) sets farkas ( in this case ) as your follower . if thats the case , he is waiting for you at dustman 's cairn and you will not be able to dismiss him until you complete the quest .
i think the best you can do is to use setstage for the duplicated quests . i happened to me with the " visit azura shrine " quest . setstage - used to set the quest stage ( useful for bugged quests ) use command showquesttargets for quest ids and player . sqs to show how many stages are there ( note that you have set the stage one at a time in order to get its effect . )
here 's how it appears to work start by spawning zombies at buildings ( day 1 ) for every night , for every tile : for every neighboring tile with zombies , there is a chance of one more zombie spawning for every two zombies killed in this tile , there is a chance of another one dying by despair . if the total number of zombies drops below 2 × map side × day number , spawn more zombies . ( a 12×12 map has side 12 . ) we are testing a spreadsheet ( live link ) that puts these rules in practice in itching plantation of shadows . time will tell .
the difference is largely what it sounds like , the combat drone does more damage than the defense drone , but it offers less utility and survivability , and is less effective at drawing fire away from you . the combat drone is focused on dealing damage to the enemy , and it is upgrades reinforce this by improving it is damage output directly . the combat drone can also be deployed at fairly long ranges , allowing it to be used offensively . however , be careful placing a combat drone out under fire - they can be destroyed , and without upgrades , are fairly fragile . by contrast , the defense drone will stay close to tali , and only attack targets that come into range . it is damage output is fairly low , but it is attacks will stun opponents , and upgrades will increase its range and utility , allowing it to stun more targets , more often , at longer ranges , and adding the potential for a knockdown . most importantly , the defense drone cannot be killed , making it an excellent ' passive ' source of extra damage if you are not interested in managing and actively targetting power use . tl ; dr : use a combat drone to kill things before they reach you . use a defense drone to keep them busy so you can kill them if they get too close .
no , combine dropships are immune to all player weapons . however , the containers they carry can be destroyed with 4 direct rpg hits or sustained airboat fire ( e . g . in root kanal ) .
i accomplished this once . some things i remember : i had to weaken/kill off some particular number of units , 5 maybe ? i think i had to do that fairly close to the city state . once i did , they were my allies for a long time after . the relations boost was substantial . you might have missed something else entirely . i know in the case of barbarian missions you must be the one to finally kill the units , weakening them in any amount is simply ignored . maybe that applies here ? on another note , gifting units provides only a minor boost in relations , nothing compared to fulfilling any request or any gift of gold . you should not bother unless you really do not want the unit you are gifting . ( i let military city-states spawn units for me always , and simply give them right back if i do not need them . )
according to the pp wiki , you can stop poop build-up 2 ways . from reading the wiki ( and not playing the game ) it seems the cleaning option is the best . source : http://pixelpiracy.gamepedia.com/cleaning cleaning is a skill you acquire from a bookstore . you teach the skill to a crew member and they clean the poo ( and anything that causes " low morale" ) . also you can acquire diapers which stops a crew member from pooping entirely . the wiki page ( http://pixelpiracy.gamepedia.com/diaper ) does not specify how long this effect lasts however so i still think cleaning is the better option .
the shopkeeper is outside , around the left side of the building .
players whose name is displayed in red in the post-game score screen have already been flagged as afk ( which means they have been automatically disconnected , most of the time ) . you can also report a player for being afk if the server failed to notice . players who run in circles at their fountain to bypass afk detection can be flagged this way . players who have been flagged as afk , be it automatically or manually , are then handled by leavebuster ( not the tribunal ) . see how exactly does leave buster work ? . there is no way to make sure they will be punished . you have to trust leavebuster for that .
wikipedia has lists of all the songs in albums released of final fantasy games ' soundtracks . for example , the ones that you mentioned : final fantasy x final fantasy x-2 final fantasy xii the box on the right serves as a handy link to the others though :
according to this , yes indeed !
the wiki says there are 5 new weapons introduced in the dlc . there are four new uniques ( blue ) : the cobra , the pocket rocket , the boom puppy , and the kitten , as well as a new e-tech shotgun called the slow hand . there are no new legendaries sadly . all of the orange tourgue weapons in the vending machines can be found as possible drops in the general campaign .
for whatever reason , internet explorer ( which i never use ) was set to " work offline " . for whatever reason , with internet explorer set to work offline , the diablo 3 installer was failing to do anything other than time out . i disabled " work offline " by unchecking " work offline " in the file menu ( available by pressing the alt key in newer versions of windows/internet explorer ) ; once this option was disabled , everything worked first time .
there really is not a good way to hit a helicopter with the m72 law , the first rocket is always going to miss . no matter who fired it , either because the helicopter moved or it shot out flares . your best bet to taking out a helicopter with the m72 is being the second person to fire at the helicopter . or you could always just equip the strela-3 which has two rockets rather than just the one .
i am reasonably confident that i have now found the answer in the original alpha release video : proceeding frame by frame ( by mashing the space key ) from 12.01 , you can just about make out that the prisoners magically have guns in their hands as soon as they hit the first armoury tile . this would mean that my original suggestion would not be secure . i can not be entirely sure as things may have changed in alpha 18 , however i can say that this is the answer in the interim before i work out a way to cause a test riot .
to put it in a nutshell : if diablo hits you for 100 damage and you have 15% physical resistance he will hit you for 85 damage minus the 40% from armor , so minus 34 . you will get hit for 51 damage . the same calculations apply to melee and range only that it is less of the overall monsters where you will get the reduction . so you should prefer physical resistance over just melee or just range reduction unless it is significantly larger . also you should prefer melee over range reduction because the meelee 's hit harder in general but i guess it is depending on your class a bit . a demonhunter might stack range reduction because of kiting ability while a barbarian should pretty much only get melee damage reduction or physical resistance .
the mitigation stacks additively and is hard-capped at 95 ( =95% damage reduction ) . Common shield = 30 Rare shield = 40 Very Rare shield = 60 Links:  a portal with 4 vr shields and with 10 links has 66 100 180 260 300 mitigation , but reduces only 95% damage . the extra shields have only the meaning of reserve shields , when some get destroyed . i am leaving the following only for historical reasons first version # important ! # for old players if you are an old player and you do not use shields much or you did not play long time for some reason , it may happen that you will have old + new shields in your inventory . do not know why it works like that , but if you drop all the shields of same rarity and pick them up again , they will get renewed . C: 6-&gt;10, R: 8-&gt;20, VR: 10-&gt;30 *do not bother yourself with common shields though , it is only worthy for r and vr s . edit 1 ( 7 mar 2014 ) the shield strength changed once again , from 10,20,30 to 20,30,50 . as far as i can tell , all old shields are renewed automatically without the need of dropping them . i am leaving the hint for historical reasons . edit 2 ( 3 jun 2014 ) new shield strength : ) - from 20,30,50 to 30,40,60 . all shields are renewed automatically . already deployed shields remain with old stats .
you will eventually get to a room with many doors . after your first two successful doors , you should enter a room with a door to your right and a banner where a door should be on your left . the left banner should have a hole in it , though it'll look like part of the background . that hole is actually a door , and you go in there to get the sun stone .
i was going to mention other points such as create fields , hack all portals ( enemy : ap , friendly : items ) etc . ; but you clearly say that you are looking to contribute at low level and not just asking on how to level up quick . so , i am going to tailor my answer for teamplay and assume you can read the other answers to level up : ) recharge portals : do you live or work near a key portal that is often under attack ? learn how to use ' upgrade ' option to only recharge a single resonator , and keep the highest level res topped up whenever you pass by . yes , you can recharge portals with a key as well ; and should do that if needed . . . but it is far more expensive and inefficient to recharge all 8 res , and you have a small xm pool . defending portals under attack : so , you have a key to a friendly portal and notice it is under attack . do not rush to recharge asap , if it has all 8 res up - wait till 3-4 die , and then recharge . this way , you heal the remaining ones more , and an attacker running low on xm may not have enough to overcome your added resistance . if a nearby portal is being hit , deploy resonators to fight back - do not try to recharge and run out of xm . however , if attacker is l4+ they can nuke your l1 res quite easily , still worth a try though ( l4s also run out of xm ; ) there is also a strategy to keep deploying l1 res when attacker destroys a reso - this way , you get 500 bonus ap each time while forcing him to use more xmp . use faction chat : ask if higher level players do not need lower level items . if someone offers to help you level to l3+ , take that offer - its easy for a higher level with a few keys to nuke enemy portals , let you make fields and get you running quickly . if a friendly portal is being attacked , you can alert those online so they can recharge it ( if they have the keys ) . using intel map : players ' in the field ' cannot easily check for nearby targets unless they are toting around a laptop or tablet . if someone asks ' i am passing through x region , what do you want me to nuke ? ' -> you can guide them to take care of troublesome enemy farms ; if they are nearby there is the added bonus of going out and getting ap from the freed portals too .
codename gordon , also known as half-life 2d : steam://install/92 just paste this url into your web browser , while you have steam running on your pc . this link does not appear to work in chrome ( tested on firefox , chrome , safari and ie 11 )
no but you can process more at the time by increasing the size of your smeltery , handy when you start automating it
gifts and resources can be traded with any city with which you have a rail , air , road , or ferry connection . the connections are created by plopping the appropriate mass transit building in each city . worker and shopper sims will " commute " over these connections as well but the actual commuting is a rough simulation . services such as power , water , garbage , police , health , etc ( pretty much everything else ) can only be shared with cities with which you have a road connection with .
this depends on what you mean by " attack button . " league of legends has four commands relevant to attack : player move click , player attack move click , player attack only click , and player attack move . all four bindings can be found in hotkeys &rarr ; additional hotkeys &rarr ; player movement and can be rebound as you like . note that although the commands ending in click are bound to mouse buttons by default , they may be rebound to keys without change in functionality . i will give a short description of each with their windows bindings . player move click ( default rmb ) : this is the main moving key , bound by default to the right mouse button . this will move you to the location under your mouse cursor , unless you click on an enemy , in which case it will move you into range of them and then attack them . this results in a green targeting indicator ( blue in colour-blind mode ) . player attack move click ( default shift + rmb ) : like pmc , this will move you to the location under your cursor . however , as soon as an enemy ( note : does not include neutral monsters , aggroed or not ) comes within auto-attack range , your champion will begin attacking it . this results in a red targeting indicator ( orange in colour-blind mode ) . player attack only click ( default ctrl + rmb ) : unlike pmc and pamc , this will not move you to a location . you must have your cursor over an enemy or neutral monster when pressing this . upon doing so , your champion will move into auto-attack range and begin attacking . no targeting indicator is shown . player attack move ( default a ) : this changes your cursor to show a red diamond cursor icon ( yellow in colour-blind mode ) . after you click ( with lmb in windows ) , it acts exactly like pamc , including displaying the targeting indicator . the reference image above shows the targeting indicators and the cursors . in order from left to right , they are pmc , pmc ( colour-blind ) , pamc , pamc ( colour-blind ) , pam , and pam ( colour-blind ) . the first four are animated indicators shown on the ground , and the last two are cursor replacements .
the best thing to do is to steal a normal car from the street , then mod it without adding a tracker or insurance , then give the modded car to the player to insure and add a tracker to . it will then become their vehicle and retain the mods .
it opens a hidden hatch above the shelves , giving access to a secret area .
cities that are not in the same " hub " within a region cannot share resources that require roads to travel such as power , water , and sewage . they also cannot share any volunteered vehicles for obvious reasons . they can however share workers , shoppers , tourists , and freight via an airport or ferry/cargo ship connection . the above may be seen as a disadvantage , but there is actually one specific advantage to it , and that advantage lies in the sharing of utilities . when a city has excess power , water , or sewage capacity , it is offered up to other cities in the region which have road access to it . this extra capacity is divided up equally amongst all claimed cities in a region hub . that means that the city of 5,000 people is getting the same share of utilities as the city with 100,000 people . if you are trying to create a very large city that gets its utility support from elsewhere , it is better to create it in a smaller hub of cities as the share of utilities it receives will be larger .
you must first finish the ending where you open the safe ( which it sounds like you have ) . then go through doors 4 , 7 , and 1 , making all the right choices to let people blab at you . the " right " choices are - take the 4 leaf clover from santa - let june talk about the titanic ( room 4 ) and ice-9 experiment ( in the freezer ) - give it to clover in room 7 and talk to 7 about the ice-9 experiment - say " patch it up " to clover 's question in door 7 - yell at ace to get out of room 1 when prompted - look at monitor after zero is spelled out on screen source
no , they will not . after a sapling instantaneously grows into a tree , it will never get any bigger than it is .
in short : flat out damage is better than intelligence , though having high amounts of both is obviously beneficial . each point of intelligence increases your damage by 1% . for example , right now i have 846 intelligence , which enhances my base damage by 846% . however , the base dps of the weapon you are using is much more important than strictly intelligence bonuses , as the damage of your weapon is what that intelligence modifier is being applied to .
the image linked to here is probably datamined from the beta , so looks to be quite out of date or just wrong , e.g. it mentions a non-existent tower of the damned level 3 ( there is no third level to the tower of the damned ) , is missing the drowned temple and festering woods waypoints from act i and the great span waypoint in act iv amongst others , and lists non-existant waypoints like howling plateau , etc ( i searched for these across multiple zone reloads ) . this site appears to have a much more accurate list . i have since cross-referenced waypoints as best i can , and have verified the below to the extant possible - confirming all my waypoints appear in my list , multiple runs through various zones where no waypoint is listed ( focusing on those where the image indicates there could be one ) , etc . act i waypoints tristram new tristram the old ruins the cathedral cathedral garden cathedral level 3 the royal crypts desolate chamber the cemetery cemetery of the forsaken the fields fields of misery drowned temple the festering woods the highlands wortham chapel cellar highlands crossing northern highlands leoric 's manor the halls of agony halls of agony level 2 halls of agony level 3 act ii waypoints caldeum hidden camp sewers of caldeum stinging winds black canyon mines khasim outpost road to alcarnus dahlgur oasis path to the oasis dahlgur oasis desolate sands ancient path desolate sands archives of zoltun kulle archives of zoltun kulle act iii waypoints bastion 's keep bastion 's keep stronghold stonefort depths of the keep the keep depths level 1 the keep depths level 3 fields of slaughter the bridge of korsikk rakkis crossing arreat crater arreat crater level 1 tower of the damned level 1 arreat crater level 2 tower of the cursed level 1 the core of arreat act iv waypoints bastion 's keep bastion 's keep stronghold gardens of hope the diamond gates the vestibule of light gardens of hope 1st tier gardens of hope 2nd tier silver spire the crystal colonnade the great span the pinnacle of heaven
the item rarities in kingdoms of amalur are very similar to the item rarities in world of warcraft , or most other mmorpgs . according to the in-game manual , the rarities are : it is implied that the gold ( set items ) are considered the most powerful items in the game ( depending on how many pieces of the set you have ) , mostly because the more items you have equipped from that particular set , the more powerful each individual piece becomes the more powerful the set becomes . in addition , the higher tier of armor , the more bonuses you receive . as opposed to an infrequent piece of armor . the item sockets , in some cases ( depending on your sagecraft ) , can make an infrequent item last a surprisingly long time in comparison to some rare or even unique items .
yes , every skill point you spend in alchemy increases your chances of successfully collecting reagents .
inner fields do not give you more ap but it counts mu twice ( which is good for your faction ) . what happened to you is probably a link that create 2 fields at the same time ( if you made the link between homestead and cutler bay in your picture , 2 fields were created ) . i like to create and destroy those kind of links : ) , more ap .
in diablo 2 there was melee range attribute on melee weapons , a part in diablo 3 guide indicates that polearms have longer range . . . however testing in game all weapons appeared to have same range . most likely another attempt to balance the game .
first , there is no real answer because of the fortify restoration glitch . this glitch allows abnormally large numbers when enchanting . however , there are some general tips for increasing your enchanting abilities . first , make sure to use grand soul gems or black soul gems . either one works for the highest level enchantments , and should be filled with a grand soul for maximum results . you should increase your enchanting ability up to level 100 . you can do this by training with an enchanting trainer , or do it through experience . you should also increase your alchemy to 100 , since you can use fortify enchanting potions to also increase your enchanting ability . of course , to get better fortify enchanting potions , you should wear clothing items ( falmer helmet/head/hands/ring/necklace ) that are enchanted to give fortify alchemy bonuses . there is a loop created here that can be repeated a few times , before increased results are diminished to zero . enchant +alchemy clothing . wear +alchemy clothing , create +enchanting potions drink +enchanting potions . repeat . eventually , the numbers stop going up , and you have your best +alchemy clothes . use those enchanted clothing items ( 5 total : falmer helmet+head+hands+ring+necklace ) to make your best +enchanting potions , and you are ready to create your best +archery enchanted gear .
there is manictime . it is great . . . and comes with a free usable version . it is stored in a local database . . .
no , you will only miss out on one thing by playing on casual mode . if you beat the game while playing casual on the lunatic difficulty , the ng+ for lunatic will be casual only . this is different from beating it on classic mode which unlocks both . this is also different from the other two difficulties where beating it in casual unlocks both classic and casual ng+ . other than that the games are identical except in casual mode permanents deaths are turned off and you can save in battle , you are allotted two slots for this . there are no extra boards/characters/etc . that can only be obtained by playing on classic .
it simply destoys enemy rockets and granades like predator missiles rpg rockets flashbangs bouncing bettys i.m. s the " big " shots of an ac-130 . . . so you can mount it where the action is , let it do its work , protect your teammates and earn points , while you can hide whereever you want to . to read more , take a look at callofduty . wikia . com .
when you knock off a goliath 's helmet and the little terrifying david lynch head comes out , they go berserk and attack everyone . they level up by killing their former allies . upon killing enemies , the goliath will gain experience points and gain levels , becoming even more dangerous . a beneficial aspect of this is that the dropped loot will be better . at the god ith level , drops are greatly increased . an easy way to tell whether or not you have gotten it to a high enough level for the " goliath , meet david " achievement is if the goliath has god in its name .
unfortunately i dont think there is such a mod . you just need to use the normal arcade-mode to hit them .
yes , they can . mining using tnt might be faster than mining by hand but it is impractical for gathering resources ; about 70% of the blocks are completely destroyed in the process . source
i am assuming that you mean ' kestrel ' rather than kessler - and by achievement you mean ' the united federation ' . the text for the achievement says : have six unique aliens on the kestrel cruiser simultaneously this achievement requires that you have six different species on board at a specific point in time . there are a total of seven species in game , including the ' crystal ' species . these are : crystal engi humans mantis rockmen slugs zoltan with this in mind - no you do not need a member of the ' crystal ' species on board , you simply need six different species which can include a member of the ' crystal ' species if you happen to come across one before finding one of the other , easier to find , species .
here 's my solution : pull the bottom left blue piece and the pink piece as far as possible climb the pink piece on the right and pull the blue piece as far as possible push the pink piece one space and use the left blue piece to climb on top of it stand on right blue piece and side-pull the pink piece ( you will have to stand on the far spot on the blue piece ) pull the wide blue piece as far as possible , then stand on it pull the pink piece on top of it
the overall value of your enchantment can be affected by several things , such as your skill perks and any stat effects you have such as potions or equipment with enchant boosts . also if you want to achieve the best enchantments , you should use more powerful soul gems , either grand soul gems ( grand ) or black soul gems ( grand ) . however even with these the in game items often have higher enchantments that ones you can create unfortunately . although there are ways that you can get around this by using exploits to boost your enchantments . hope this helps ! for more information check out : http://uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:enchanting
start/load a game , press esc to bring up the system menu , and it is there near the bottom left hand corner .
in addition to the answers given , i want to highlight this from arreat summit because it might apply to your case : again , they will not work on magic , set , unique or rare items . so if you have a mechanic 's ( or jewelers item ) piece of armor with 2 slots , the stealth will not work on it because it is magical . there are regular socketed items which are non-magical . however , there are also items that have sockets because they have these prefixes : mechanic 's - add 1-2 sockets artisan 's - add 3 sockets jeweler 's - add 4 sockets these items are magical . they are not " socketed items" ; they have sockets due to their magic prefix . rune words will not work on them .
if we number the ships shown in the hanger of the advanced edition of the game by position : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  this is briefly how to get the ships . expect minor spoilers throughout kestral cruiser the default ship , always available . engi cruiser reach sector five with the kestral cruiser . federation cruiser in a rebel stronghold sector you may locate a " huge rebel shipyard " . choose to look around , this will trigger combat with a difficult opponent . defeat this opponent . or complete the game ( defeat the rebel flagship ) with the engi cruiser . zoltan cruiser in a zoltan homeworld sector you may be approached by a ship claiming to be an unarmed peace envoy . choose the hear them out type option and you will get a quest marker . once there you have to negotiate peacefully - first choose the reconcile option , then the bloodshed is bad option . or complete the game ( defeat the rebel flagship ) with the federation cruiser . lanius cruiser unlock 4 ships , not including the starting kestral stealth cruiser complete a quest involving stolen blueprints , that you can find in an engi homeworld sector . you need to have an engi crew member . one node will have civilian ships frantically discussing something , choose the blue option with your engi crew member . you receive two quest markers - one real , one false , with no way to tell apart - go to either ( but plan for reaching both ) and fight the ships , when they try to surrender demand info on the stolen tech . if you defeated the one at the real quest marker a new final marker will appear . head to the final quest marker and defeat the ship you find there . or complete the game ( defeat the rebel flagship ) with the rockcruiser . rock cruiser complete a quest that you can find in an rock homeworld sector . one node will involve a rock ship insulting you . respond with the option along the lines of " i will get there or die trying " . follow the quest marker wait for the ship to ftl away , do not destroy them . go to the final quest marker . or complete the game ( defeat the rebel flagship ) with the slug cruiser . slug cruiser complete a quest that you can find in an slug home nebula sector . requires level 2 sensors or a slug crew member . slug ships will often surrender and offer their stores to be spared , accept all of these as one will offer an experimental weapon , refuse this and ask for data instead . at the new quest node choose " try to tail them without being noticed , " after that , if you have level 2 scanners or a slug , choose the blue option , then destroy the enemy ship or its crew before it powers up its ftl drive . or complete the game ( defeat the rebel flagship ) with the mantis cruiser . mantis cruiser complete a quest involving a famous thief . this can be found in a mantis homeworld sector . you need to have a mantis crew member as well as a teleporter system and level 2 medbay or clonebay . there will be a node where a captain with the name kazaaakplethkilik will greet you , use the ' blue ' response that is available if you have a mantis crew member . kill all the crew on the ship - do not destroy it . then choose the blue option again ( requires level 2 teleporter ) . finally choose another blue option ( requiring the level 2 medbay ) . or complete the game ( defeat the rebel flagship ) with the zoltan cruiser . crystal cruiser this ship is found by first acquiring the ' damaged stasis pod ' augmentation - as a reward for a random encounter found in pirate sectors , engi sectors/homeworlds and rock sectors/homeworlds . with this installed , you have to wait until you find a zoltan research facility ( found in engi sectors/homeworlds and zoltan sectors/homeworlds ) , in addition to the normal options is a blue option to have them examine the capsule . you will then aquire a new , special , crew member . now you need to find the rock homeworld sector . here you may find a random event involving an ' ancient device ' , using your specialist crew member you have to trigger the blue response option . you will suddenly travel to a new , hidden , sector . in this sector is a quest marker . go to this quest marker and this new ship will unlock , the crystal cruiser . or complete the game ( defeat the rebel flagship ) with both type a and type b of every ship except the lanius cruiser . additional layouts type b ( all ships ) complete two of the three ship achievements for the same type of ship . type c ( all ships except lanius and crystal , that have a and b only ) reach sector 8 with type b of the same ship . i have parsed information from here and here .
the 4 greater bosses you have to beat to enter the shrine of winter are the following : 1 name : lost sinner location : sinner 's rise , accessible from the lost bastille 2 name : old iron king location : the iron keep , accessible from the earthen peak , which connects to huntsman 's copse 3 name : duke 's dear freja location : brightstone cove tseldora , accessible from the doors of pharros which connects to the shaded woods 4 name : the rotten location : the black gulch , accessible from the gutter at the bottom of the hole in majula ( is this formatting bad ? i wanted both the names and locations to be independently spoiler tagged so people have the option to peek at the location without seeing the name of each boss . )
unless someone makes a mod or you continually reset your system clock , it is not possible . as soon as you enter a world outside of the designated holiday time frame ( dec . 15th-31st ) , santa will die instantly . you can keep your access to santa claus by making a dedicated " santa world " with him in it , and only entering it on special occasions when you need him ( of course tampering with your system clock beforehand ) . you can start the frost legion event outside of the holidays , but they will not drop presents , so your supply of snow globes will eventually run out . if your world is not in hardmode yet , keep your presents and unpack them when it is ; else you will get no snow globes at all and the event will be unavailable .
this answer has gone through many , many edits , so i decided to overhaul it . ( minecraft forums user thescorpi0on did a number of tests on this . ) things that will stop spiders : a lip extending off of your wall ladders on the top of your wall things that will not stop spiders : torches signs cacti ( it will injure them but they can climb up them ) glass sandstone ladders going all the way up your wall ( they will start climbing at the bottom all the way up )
this feature is not fully implemented just yet , so there are not much ways to get bonus experience at the moment . blizzard has stated the following in an interview with pc gamer ( prior to game release ) : we’re already working on concepts like “bonus xp for your first win of the day” and “extra xp when you play in a party with a battletag or real-id friend” we’re considering “bonus xp weekends” and other sorts of activities , which will be tested in the beta . aside from playing with a friend and first win of the day , it does not seem that there is other ways to get bonus experience as of right now . it seems that the first win of the day bonus can be awarded for every race .
if i were to list all the units that fungal growth is effective against , i would end up with a list of the units in starcraft 2 . there was once even an occasion where i cast fungal growth on siege tanks ( which seems ridiculous , but was very necessary ) . instead , to try and determine how to effectively use it , let us follow the advice of hannibal lector ( quoting marcus aurelius ) : first principles , clarice . simplicity . read marcus aurelius . of each particular thing ask : what is it in itself ? what is its nature ? what does he do , this man you seek ? fungal growth has two properties to it , which you have listed , it prevents units from moving and it does damage ( 36 over 8 seconds ) . its nature then is two fold : damage and delaying damage fungal growth does 36 damage over 8 seconds ( in game seconds ) or 4.5 dps . by comparison a phoenix does 9 dps , a zealot does 13.3 , and a hellion does 3.2 ( vs non-light ) . so not a ton of damage ; but , like the hellion , it does aoe damage so that 4.5 is multiplied by the number of units you hit . hit two and you are like a phoenix ; three and you have zealot level damage ; four and you are out dpsing hydras and ultras . so the first principle of effective fungal growth is : the more units the better . obviously this means you want to target smaller units more often as they clump up better . unlike hydralisk , two infestors can not fungal growth the same unit ( well the can , but it does not overlap , it just resets the duration ) , so your principle use is going to be slightly different from a hydra ball . while you are still going to want to fungal growth his whole army during large scale engagements , this is not the time when fungal growth functions best . instead consider its long range ( 9 ? ) and how you could utilize that to get more than one cast off on a given unit . consider an advancing enemy force , and what happens as you fungal growth it and fall back : its forced to wait out the damage . while healing and repair will mitigate this some you are draining resources . thus our second principle is like voting in chicago : early and often . get fungal growths off before the main battle delaying in addition to doing damage , the other large advantage to freezing an encroaching enemy army is that it buys you time . zerg is largely a momentum race so many zerg players will opt for very macro oriented builds , choosing to invest more heavily in economy than a standing army . as a result you may not have the forces to deal with an assault when it comes . being able to delay your opponent for 8 or 16 seconds can easily be the difference between a 100 food army and a 130 food army . one of the best people to see this behavior in is liquid`tlo 's zerg style . he will frequently delay opposing armies with fungal growth while he builds a force . so the third principle of fungal growth is : more time means more units . delaying an assault is fine and all but there are time when what you need to do is delay a retreat . whether its marines retreating from banelings , drop ships running from hydras , or maybe just an enemy force looking to run from a losing battle , being able to stop a retreat is almost always a good thing . usually , if your opponent is smart , he is retreating for a reason , and cutting off that retreat is letting you exploit that reason . so our fourth principle of fungal growth is do not let them get away . tl ; dr so let 's sum up about the uses of fungal growth : the more units the better early and often more time means more units do not let them get away whether you are getting infestors as your core tier 2 unit , or your just using them to supplement your current army , i think you will find that these four principle will really help you be more effective . the issue of range came up and fungal growth does indeed have range 9 . you can verify this in the galaxy editor , but i have also supplied a picture as proof : i used a viking ( range 9 ) as a ruler .
look first off , you do not really need to be too precise . the main thing is to only buy blue reduced items from the wholesellers . and then try really hard to only sell pink " in demand " items ( these will sell for over 200% ) . working like that , you will smash the final week target easily . when you sell e.g. an order of 3 things with a description of e.g. " something metal " to the old man , he will accept 240% for each , and you bought them for e . g 33k and are selling them for 100k each , you can make some massive profits . for experience the main thing is to make sure that you get a lot of customers in for each session . make sure the shop is stocked with some cheap crap , food is good , and in the middle of the style scale e.g. not too gaudy and then you will get a lot of customers . i also put expensive stuff in the shop window . then you will hit regularly hit 128 xp . the actual answer to your question is beyond me now . i wrote out all the percentages but then deleted the file because the end game is a bit of a grind and i knew i was not coming back . i found that , of course , the old man is more generous than the little girl , however , as well as this , i seem to remember that what they said was really important . each type of shopper has their own little sayings e.g. they will come to the counter and say something and the thing that they say determines the price that they are willing to pay , so what i did was write out each and every sentence and used trial and error to work the optimum percentage for each sentence . if they tried to haggle then next time they used that same sentence , i would lower the percentage a little bit , and i continued like that until they accept the price without haggling .
adding friends gives you tickets . you get seven for originally registering ( and having them accept ) a new friend . after that , you get an extra ticket for every 40 minutes they play . note : you can only have five friends , and i do not believe there is any punishment for unregistering a friend ; theoretically , if you really wanted a lot of tickets , you could unfriend everybody , and friend other people .
here 's a blue post from the official diablo 3 forums : the magic find and gold find percentages for both follower contributions and fortune shrine bonuses are intended to respect the 300% mf/gf cap . nephalem valor bonuses will continue to stack beyond this cap , however . that said , we’ve seen some posts that mf/gf contributions from followers may currently be stacking above the cap , and we’re looking into those reports . another more visible place where this was announced is the blog post that first introduced the paragon leveling system . with the paragon system in place , we’re capping magic find and gold find to 300% ( before nephalem valor ) . so yes , the gold cap is 300% before nephalim valor and cannot be exceeded with followers or shrines .
the pre-requisite to open the shrine of winter is to collect either 1 million souls , ( an extra million per ng+ ) , or collect all four great souls ( old iron king , lost sinner , duke 's dear freja and the rotten ) . edit : you have to light the primal bonfires as well .
http://www.gamefaqs.com/gbc/197155-dragon-warrior-monsters/faqs/8155 this faq should answer all of your questions and more .
fof missiles have been rather safe to use for years now . back in revelation ii , they were changed from attacking the closest object/target/ship/anything in space to only attacking mission rats and large collidable objects in high-sec , and any ships and large collidable objects in low- and null-sec . what is dangerous about them is that they have a penance to choose large collidable objects instead of players or rats , making them a massive wastage factor along with their diminutive ability to reduce the mission rats ' combined dps on your ship . a general rule of thumb regarding fof-missiles : recycle them .
snared : your character is slowed down . the magnitude of the slow effect varies depending on what is doing the snaring . rooted : unable to move from your current position . attack slowed : you swing your weapons more slowly . chilled : snared + attack slowed frozen : mostly the same as stunned , but certain skills , like the wizard 's frost nova 's shatter rune , cause frozen enemies to behave differently . frozen enemies leave no corpse . immune : immune to whatever status effect you are trying to apply . this can be knockback , stun , snared , or any other status effect , depending on the individual in question . bottom line - one or more of your status effects is not " sticking " , so to speak . unlike diablo ii , no monster in diablo iii is supposed to be immune to a damage type ( though they might have high resistances ) . knockback : physically moves the target away from the origin of the attack . stunned : rooted , and unable to attack . charmed : fight other monsters instead of the player feared : running in fear , unable to take action or control direction of movement .
according to http://www.lurkerlounge.com/spirea/hirelings/stats.shtml, the inherent attack rating ( ar ) of act 1 mercenary is quite low : 796 on level 80 . combined with the fact that the monsters in hell difficulty have defense rating ( dr ) on the order of 1500 and the chance to hit formula ( assuming equal levels of attacker and defender ) : toHit = AR / (AR + DR) , this makes her base chance to hit very low : 796 / ( 1500 + 796 ) = 0.35 . if we add 1000 to her ar , we will get the chance to hit of 1796 / ( 1500 + 1796 ) = 0.54 , which is 1.57 times higher ! so , if there were no other factors , i would keep the ar bow even if it had 1.5 times less damage . note that other factors affecting the ar and defense include inner sight and fire arrow . another thing to keep in mind is that the poison damage does not stack . if you have a weapon dealing 100 poison damage over 3 seconds and you hit once per second , the damage poison deals between hits will be mere 33.3 , and then , when another hit lands , the old poison will be replaced with a new one , not added to it . on the other hand , poison stops the natural monster regeneration , which may be a big deal for really tough monsters .
i have ended up with gamereplays ( search page ) for example i have found there about 150 bronze replays submited since 1 oct . that is what i have searched for . @sorean thank you ! &lt ; 3
a very interesting discussion about this from this reddit /r/teslore post : in the azura and the box story , the sage nchylbar was not trying to prove whether azura could determine what was in the box . he was concerned with whether the divine spirits had mastery over all of the world , or if mortals could create their own destinies . so he duped azura . she saw clearly what was in the box , but he palmed the flower before revealing it . in the aldmer version of the tale , a sphere becomes a flat square , but i would surmise that the gist of the story still hinges on slight of hand trumping divine power . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44wcqk azura and the box is one of the tales of the ancient dwemer by marobar sul . it is a plagiarisation of a colovian story adapted to fit a popular conception of the dwemer . it is not to be regarded as an historical document . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44y12r
specifically for the sentinel , who has access to throw - this will stun the guardian for a while , giving you a window of opportunity to shoot at him . using pull and singularity are better though - the former removes the shield while the latter will hang him in mid air .
no your mmr does not drop and it will also not decay from inactivity . really the only things that affect your mmr are winning and losing . up until last season queue dodging was used to " troll " the league system by playing into a promotion and then winning one game while dodging the other one . with this trick players were able to reach diamond mmr while being placed in a bronze league . basically , if you dodge you will lose lp but you will gain slightly more lp next game .
typically , i find cross platform games have better performance on the windows version as opposed to the mac versions . if you look at what blizzard 's recommended specification s are : pc recommended specifications : dual core 2.4ghz processor 2 gb ram 512 mb nvidia geforce 8800 gtx or ati radeon® hd 3870 or better mac recommended specifications : intel® core 2 duo processor 4 gb system ram nvidia geforce 9600m gt or ati radeon® hd 4670 or better pcs require less powerful components than macs do . from this , i would assume starcraft 2 runs better on windows than on mac .
the shards do not remove the shield , the sky crystal does . to answer your 3 questions : how can i get the shard ( s ) that i need ? skyshards can drop from every enemy in pandaria . the problem is that they are really rare . the drop chance is way lower than 1% so be ready to invest some time if you really want the mount . how do i use the item ( s ) required to be able to attack alani ? very simple : once you have 10 skyshards , click them to create a sky crystal and then find alani , target him and click the sky crystal . is the mount a 100% from alani , or does it get mailed or instantly added ? the mount is a 100% drop but remember that it requires an exalted reputation with the august celestials ! you also need cloud serpent riding to fly this mount .
i am guessing you actually mean how many war assets do you receive as you can not obtain any readiness from single player whatsoever . but the answer to your question is 200: the terminus fleet is an assortment of mercenary vessels and pirate ships bound together by little more than common geography and a fear of the reapers . despite this volatile mix , the fleet seems to be functioning as one under the leadership of criminal warlord aria t'loak . requires the completion of the three quests for aria t'loak military strength : 50 the blood pack 's mercenaries have been compared to floods , wildfires , and other calamities . it recruits krogan and vorcha , preferably those with no regard for collateral damage . on the rare occasion when brute force is insufficient , the blood pack is willing to deploy weapons of mass destruction normally banned in citadel space . requires the completion of aria : blood pack military strength : 50 this " private security group " is careful to maintain its image as a professional mercenary force . in reality , the blue suns have drifted further and further into becoming a full-blown crime syndicate . despite this , their ruthless tactics are sought after in the terminus systems . requires the completion of aria : blue suns military strength : 50 the eclipse corporation specializes in " smart " security solutions , developing tactics around surgical strikes , sabotage , and electronic warfare . these mercenaries are supported by a sizeable army of combat mechs , and rely heavily on tech for support in combat . requires the completion of aria : eclipse military strength : 50 source- http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/war_assets/alien
i had to bribe the barkeep by paying him more than 2gp . i paid 4gp , at which point he asked " what do you want to know ? " and i was able to ask him about mandrake root . he does not give any useful information until he receives additional bribes however . i ended up paying him 44gp total ( 4gp originally , then 20gp twice ) before he would tell me .
cutting off limbs works best by firing at the joints . if you are aiming for the shoulder , shoot vertically . if you are aiming for the legs , shoot horizontally . and no , most other weapons do not have the horizontal/vertical thing ; each " weapon " ( using the term loosely because most of them are essentially jury-rigged or repurposed industrial tools ; isaac is an engineer , after all ) has different alt mods .
well , define " worth . " in order for you to understand what these items are " worth " you need to understand the context that gives " worth " to these items : the tf2 trading economy . the idea is that while accumulating refined metal is good and easy to make and does not require interactions with other human beings , it is not a practical unit of trading " worth " in transaction of items " worth " several hundreds times a refined metal . these things take valuable space in your backpack , in your trade windows and , while they are were the most natural unit of worth they are just impractical . think of it as the one dollar bill : it is fundamental , but you would not buy a car with several thousands of them . ( they have also lost half of their value in the last year since this was a thing that happened , as if it was hard to have multiple accounts on tf2 before . ) so , we need units of worth that are worth more than a refined metal , making do with what items are available in the game today . this brings us to a shoddy , shifting , complicated system that makes the imperial measurement system look sane by comparison . the following are guidelines ; the relative values of these items are always shifting . a ref is crafted from 18 weapons ( or , in terms of time , roughly two thirds of a week . ) a key is worth somewhere between 5 and 6 refined . a bill 's is worth around 8 keys . buds are worth around upwards of 3 bill 's . a max 's is worth around 2 buds . a houwar is worth around 10 max 's . finally , there are tf2wh credits for the users of the service . a refined is 4,500 credits . and if you are a fan of the us dollar , well . . . tf2finance . com says earbuds are about $28 , which makes a key worth about one dollar . q : how can keys that can only be obtained by paying $2.49 be worth less than half as much ? a : scammers buy keys with stolen credit cards for money laundering purposes . ( it is not quite as simple as that , but what were you expecting from a footnote ? ) why use these particular hats as currency ? the community chose those hats as units of worth because : they are relatively rare ( indeed , rarity is the main source of their value . § ) they can no longer be obtained ( so they are only going to go up in value . ) the original trading system did not let you trade more than 8 items at a time . trading more than this was extremely risky and this is why there are so many " currency hats " that are only so much more valuable than the next . there is only so many items to go about anyway . perhaps irritatingly , this means for example that whoever happened to log in on tf2 on the mac release week has a small fortune out of nowhere . who preordered an entirely unrelated game has twice that fortune for it . it is arbitrary , but that is the way it is . now , for your question . the answer is : who knows ! it depends ! it changes ! there are many possible sources that attempt to answer such questions : tf2wh . com in terms of the tf2wh credit . backpack . tf in terms of ref , keys and buds . the ( in ) famous tf2 spreadsheet . price checking threads in all kinds of forums , sites and subreddits . trade . tf uses math to find the price for each item , and will also find you the best deals from other tf2 trading sites in the end , however , your item is really only worth as much as you can sell it for § . the single most reliable tool at your disposal is searching for similar trades on trading websites : tf2 outpost tf2 trading post /r/tf2trade bazaar . tf . . . and many more . see what people are selling your item for . see what buyers are willing to buy your item for . ask in public when in doubt and never get rushed into a trade . these are the only way to make sure you do not get ripped off . ( indeed , data from trading sites is where the fancy graph you see in tf2finance . com comes from ! ) § rarity is not everything . consider this frequency distribution of effects on unusual hats : it is pretty obvious that not all effects are equally likely ( and basic statistics will confirm this is no uncertain terms ) . now , the " circling tf logo " effect is pretty rare and yet it is one of the least valuable effects because people just do not like it very much . as a result , they are not willing to pay as much for it . for example , at the time of writing , a towering pillar of hats with circling tf2 logo goes for $80 , whereas the version with searing plasma goes for $500 &mdash ; and yet , searing plasma is roughly as rare as circling tf2 logo . see also : " themed unusuals " ( blizzardy storm is relatively common , but couple it with a rather festive tree . . . ) . so what about the valuable monstrosity of a hat that is a bill ' s ? just look at it , it is a disgrace . well , those hats are the exception because they are used as currency . people seek these hats because they are rare , not because they are dozens of times better of a towering pillar of hats . if valve released more of these items today , their value would take a pretty deep dive and much teeth would be gnashed .
check-points are for quests only . as per your inventory is concerned , it is auto-updated to the server .
according to : http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/professor_oak he used to be a trainer , but then retired into researching pokémon . his lab is used to research pokémon , unravel the mysteries of these creatures , and study their characteristics and behavior in a natural environment . pretty much to understand the varieties out there . kinda like a scientist that only studies whales .
no when you dont have enough money you have to travel on foot . you can however always travel to the nearest waypoint on death . as stated on the gw wiki : maximum costs when defeated , but broke . if you are defeated , you can always travel to the nearest waypoint . if you have no money in inventory , the cost will be deducted from your bank . if you also have no money in the bank , you will not be charged beyond what you had left in inventory . if the waypoint is contested , you will have to wait to travel ( or have someone mail you the cost to travel to the next nearest waypoint ) . you cannot travel to the mists while defeated . source
the thrown axe counts as a pistol , so pistol fire rate is what you are looking for . i run with the sheriff 's badge exclusively now and farmed the 56% one just for this reason . with no blood trance i get 16-17 throws up from the normal 11-12 . unfortunately , the pistol damage boost on the badge does not effect the thrown axe :/ while writing this it crossed my mind to test embrace the pain , and that does not boost the thrown axe . this is an exception , all other general or pistol fire rate increases should work . elemental elation does work . i second the answers from others , the primary melee does not change in speed .
http://feed-the-beast.wikia.com/wiki/soul_cage according to the wiki , 8x8x3 is the spawn area so just clear that large area and enclose it , which should keep all mobs inside .
according to uesp , the 1st word will let you cleanse all-maker stones , the 2nd word will let you force npcs and creatures to become your allies for 30 seconds , and the 3rd word will allow you to force dragons to be your allies and to ride them . draugrs are not npcs or creatures , they are animated inanimate objects lacking any will , so it is not surprising they cannot be controlled by the bend will shout . additionally , it only seems to work on npcs that are hostile and unnamed ( guard , bandit ) .
no , the craft bonuses are applied regardless of where you place them in the production line . the important statistic that you should base your consideration on are as follows ; this means that you should assign your workers to the roles they are best suited to based on the statistics bonuses for each role below ; cleaning - patience cooking - intelligence and dexterity fermenting - intelligence and patience packaging - dexterity choosing a worker with statistics that match the role requirements will improve the quality of your brew in addition to the craft bonuses .
yes , the light level makes a difference . in fact , it is probably the single most important factor for hostile mob spawning . hostile mobs will not spawn in any area that is above light level 7 . torches produce a light level of 14 , and that light level decreases by one for every block ( along an axis ) out . therefore , any place that is more than 7 blocks away from a torch could spawn a hostile mob . there are other methods of discouraging hostile mobs from spawning , but keeping a well lit area is key .
the point of the game is to work together as a team to defeat the enemy team . there are now two primary modes : multiplayer - you and your team take on another team of human players in a game on one of several types of maps including : capture the flag king of the hill payload ( one team attempts to " push " a cart along a track to the other player 's base ) control point and others . . . co-op ( aka : mann vs . machine ) - you and your team work together to fend off wave after wave of ai controlled " robots " . keep in mind tf2 is a " class based " shooter , which has nine roles , which each play very differently . scout : a fast light class that captures points more quickly . soldier : a slightly heavy class that carries a rocket launcher . pyro : a short range , mid weight class with a flamethrower , which is great for rooting out spies . heavy : a very heavy , slow class with lots of hp and a fully auto " mini-gun " . demoman : a mid weight class that carries explosive weapons , including the remotely detonated sticky bombs . engineer : a mid weight class that focuses on building buildings on the map such as sentry guns and dispensers that supply health and ammo to your team . medic : the ubiquitous healer with a heart of stone . sniper : a mid weight class with a sniper rifle . spy : a spy that can turn invisible , disguise as a member of the opposing team , and kill with a single backstab . your choice of starting class will likely depend on your experience in other games . soldier , heavy , and sniper will probably be the most familiar to players of fps . if you have not played a lot of fps i would suggest pyro , since it is a little less particular about aim , and does not require the strategy of medic or engineer . the game does feature training which i would suggest using before jumping in , it'll get you familiar with the classes and controls . after that find a multiplayer game and jump in . you may also want to check out the official tf2 wiki .
blizzard recently added a new custom map which makes it pretty easy to do this using the map burning tide . a full guide to beating the insane ai on this map can be found on youtube ( also read the description ) . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpsp12u-9_g this method worked for me in patch 1.1.1 - i am not sure if it is still working but you should give it a try ; )
dotabuff will give you detailed information on your win/loss ratio , and k/d ratio , even breaking it down by hero and match . however it requires you to enable public statistics , and it can not get any level or battle points info . the easier way is to just to view your own profile inside of dota 2 . it will give you your level and your number of wins and losses . dotabuff does not show items ' win/loss ratios personalized , although you can view overall item effects , but i do not think that there are any other websites to do any of this .
shortly after you have passed the time when the game says it is time for rest ( f6 menu ) it will begin charging you 150 euro every few minutes until you sleep . not a big deal if you have an empire , but if you are still getting established it is worth knowing . the only time you should drive while tired is when taking a rest break would cause you to deliver your cargo late .
55 mph is the speed limit for trucks in most european countries . what you are doing wrong is speeding . you can see the full list for speed limits in the wikipedia article for speed limit . here are some examples : germany : 80-100 kph ( 49-62 mph ) italy : 70-80 kph ( 43-49 mph ) poland : 70-80 kph ( 43-49 mph ) austria : lorries with heavy trailer - 80 kph ( 49 mph ) spain : 70-90 kph ( 43-55.9 mph )
this is specifically prohibited by the ikariam tos and you can get your account banned from using such applications . from section 5 , specific terms for the use of online games , subsections 5.3 and 5.4: 5.3 . the user is also prohibited from running the online game ( including all individual web pages ) with other programs besides the internet browser or the client program that has been provided . this refers in particular to so-called bots and other tools meant to replace or supplement the web interface . also prohibited are scripts and completely or partially automated programs that provide the user with an advantage over other users . this includes auto-refresh-functions and other integrated mechanisms of the internet browser , if it includes automated operations . 5.4 . the user may under no circumstances a ) create or use cheats , mods and/or hacks , and any other third party software products that may change the result of the online games , b ) use software , that allows " data mining " or otherwise intercepts or collects information in connection with the online games , c ) use outside of online games , buy for " real " money or sell or swap virtual objects that are used in online games . this includes all evasions , similar actions or actions that match in their effect the aforementioned bans . there are not any solutions we could provide that would not violate the tos .
from the official minecraft wiki page on enchantments there are two new enchantments specific to fishing rods , and one existing enchantment has been added : lure : decreases average time between fish biting your hook . luck of the sea lowers frequency of " junk " catches by swapping them to fish . unbreaking ( 100/ ( level+1 ) ) % chance a use reduces durability . on average , lifetime is ( level+1 ) times as long .
i also think that some of these fights are pretty unforgiving . this is what helped me : if you have to mash left/right , do it as quickly as possible . sometimes , when i was slacking and pressing it at a relaxed pace , i failed the combat . exclamation mark - hit melee attack ( defaults to f on pc ) red hand - hit use command ( defaults to e on pc ) you will get notification that a command is coming up , there will be a circle around the icon that will be shrinking rapidly . . when it shrinks to zero , the icon will be lit , as it were , and that is when you have to press it . the preparation phase is about 1 second long .
what you are seeing is working as intended . not all cities within a region will be able to share all things but they are eventually able to share most things . the most limited of what can and can not be shared are going to be water , sewage , power and garbage . these are limited by physical roads . this is where you get your cluster or sub-region as you have noted . the best way to tell which cities will be able to share these resources is to see which ones are connected by road as roads are needed to transport these materials . in the early game this can also hinder almost all resource transfer . you can eventually unlock things like a trade port that can use roads or rail or water to transfer resources locally or globally . there are also additional methods for the transportation of people and such via ferries and the like . the last thing , that jumps the final gap , is an air port . these things together will let other cities be more connected but it should be noted that anything that requires a road , as mentioned above , will never be able to get to another city that does not have a road connecting to it . edit : found out last night that gifting also requires a connection between the cities . even the act of sending money from city to city required at least a rail connection between the regions . i have not seen if ferries or air ports will fulfill this requirement and will update here when i figure that out ! great works are region wide as well . if you unlock a great work like the solar farm in one sub-region you are then capable of building that great work at any site on the map . however note that getting resources to a remote location may be a bit of a challenge . this also works with other unlocks that claim ' region wide ' like the upgrades to city hall . even though the cities are not connected in any manner people starting up cities in other sub-regions or clusters have access to 100,000 bonds for instance . . smelting plants and the like . so it does appear that development unlocks also jump over the bounds of a solid ( or even liquid ) connection .
if there is any potential differences between skins , giving or removing some benefits , they are unintended and could potentially be considered bugs . you could probably report the differences you see to riot . they may deem some differences big enough to fix them . skins goal is only to be cosmetic changes to the champions , without providing any benefits or disadvantages , just changing the appearance , voice , sound and/or skill visual .
the silencer ' officially ' does not reduce recoil , although on certain weapons it does . the acr 6.8 with a silencer behaves completely differently than an acr with no attachment , and in my opinion the acr should always be run with a silencer . the acog does not increase kick , but when you are looking through it , it appears to because your field of view is smaller so a small rise appears larger . it is best to use burst or semi-auto weapons with the acog , or manually burst-fire the weapon .
yes . depending on who you escaped with , you will see them again either by joining the stormcloadk rebellion , or by joining the imperial legion .
according to blizzard , there are 3 normal , 87 rare , and 39 legendary blacksmith plans . we know that the three normal ones are dropped by izual in act 4 on the respective difficulty levels . anecdotally by forum posts , it looks like people are finding one or two per difficulty ( bnet forum post ) from random monster/champion/boss drops , although one person notes none found on his way to inferno . so far the only non-blizzard list this gamer found was at d3db , and it just lists " drop " as the source of each of the plans .
according to this webpage you have to deal at least 75 damage in order to get assist counts as kill . and it counts for all assists , not only squad
i personally am one of those players who tries to do everything , explore everything , find everything etc , and it took me around 40ish hours on " give me deus ex " . including restarts . i have no idea how short it can be completed , but i have heard around 10 hours ? do not quote me on that though .
bureaucratic arts ii allows the player to obtain more types of permits from the bureaucrats in bureaucratic halls . as of now , the only item this enables you to obtain is the general building permit , which is consumed in certain phases of street projects . ba ii is also required in the work stages of certain projects . tl ; dr : ba ii is only useful for street projects , and it is only rarely useful . it is hinted that in the future more types permits will be added . for example , in the forum post introducing party packs , the developers hinted that parties will in the future require party permits which presumably will require ba ii to obtain . there also exists the unimplemented skill bureaucratic arts iii , which hints that the developers may expand the skill tree in this direction in the future .
this website appears to have a calculator that allows you to determine the amount of experience needed from one level to another .
currently single-player commands is not available for minecraft 1.8 edit : spc for 1.8 is now out ! however , once it does become available , this is how you install it : download the . zip file extract it to some directory . go to the directory you just created . go to the run box ( winkey + r ) type in : %appdata%/.minecraft/bin look for a file called minecraft.jar rename that file to minecraft.jar.zip unzip it drag all files ending with .CLASS into the minecraft.jar folder ( all the files except worldedit . jar ) go back to the folder that has the minecraft.jar in it drag the WorldEdit.jar file into this directory . go back into the minecraft.jar folder delete the META-INF folder . you are done ! however , minecraft may not launch . if this happens , launch minecraft from the run box like this : java -Xms512m -Xmx1024m -cp "%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\*" -Djava.library.path="%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\\natives" net.minecraft.client.Minecraft  or , you could use the automated installer
just for bragging rights . i believe the last rank change is at 20 kills .
according to the wiki : sheep can spawn on grass blocks with a 2x2x1 ( minimum ) space above them . as a passive mob , they also require light to spawn . wolves can spawn in grass , in forest and taiga biomes . it does not seem like there is anything to stop wolves and sheep spawning in the same area . however , the wiki also says : mobs will frequently spawn in groups with mobs of the same variety . randomness for animal spawning is derived from the world seed , which means that worlds with the same seed will generate chunks with the same animals in the same places . very rarely , new animals can spawn in already generated chunks , just like monsters do so it seems unlikely that killing the wolves will have any effect on whether you get sheep . if you want to get wool you will probably have to go exploring , but if you are lucky you might get sheep spawning in an area you have already explored .
the range seems to be about half the height of the minimap at maximum zoom ( just less than the width ) . as for avoiding detection , if an enemy is crouched or prone ( or walking at a speed as slow or slower than crouching ) then they will not show up on the minimap . ( no source for any of this , just my own observations )
yes . this is the only way to put out hazmat fires . even though the requirements are quite expensive , there is good news . . . to be able to build the hazmat garage , you need a university with the school of engineering improvement . which also means you need the prerequisite department of education add-on for the city hall . however , once any city in your region has a university with the engineering school , all cities will be able to build the hazmat garage . the school of engineering improvement boosts the profits of all low and medium income industry in the entire region , which will significantly boost the earning potential of new cities and cities with low tech knowledge . the benefits of having a university in your region and having the various schools added to them far outweigh the costs of implementing such structures , as education increases happiness , tech level of industry , and indirectly land value by educating sims and keeping them out of trouble . getting a university and the appropriate school is certainly a grind , but it is a grind you will only need to do once per region . the best thing to do with regards to industry prior to being able to extinguish hazmat fires is to keep the density down by lowering the density capacity of the connected streets in the zone . i have found that these fires can happen quite often if you do not have the hazmat garage , and when they do , they will repeatedly knock out very large factories and lose you quite a bit of tax income while they rebuild and restaff .
you can make a portal that toggles with redstone : the basic idea is that you use a fire-charge dispenser to ignite the portal , and a water bucket dispenser to quench it again . you need to use pistons to push up a block for the fire-charge to hit so that the flames are generated inside the portal frame , the water bucket dispenser just needs two quick pulses to place and remove the water block which will extinguish the portal .
there is now an official support article at support . steampowered . com covering some other solutions as well . go to steam > settings > downloads tab > steam library folders . add the D:\Games folder there and restart steam . steam should then be able to find the installed games again .
once you have built a basic town portal , all of your heroes gain a town portal basic spell in their spellbook . when a hero is standing in a town with a basic town portal , they can cast town portal basic to teleport to any other towns you own . according to the mouseover , the spell requires 15 movement points in addition to the 10 mana .
the japanese spelling of fi 's name is \u30d5\u30a1\u30a4 , the romanization of which is fai . therefore , the english pronunciation would be fa\u026a ( english ipa ) , as in rhyming with the word " my . " ( you wrote this as " fy " . )
i put in an x25mg2 160gb to see that it would detect an ssd . no problem , it asks to format . so i look at the partition table of the x25 , and make similar on the corsair , 100mb ( like the reserved for win7 installs ) , and make another one for rest of drive . both are formatted as ntfs . i put it back in the ps3 and it asks to format , which is done in 2 seconds , now it is up and running at the xmb : )
you have many options here . many protoss players use proxy pylons placed in strategic locations on the map so you do not have to divert your attention too far away from the battle in order to warp in new units . you can even go so far as to bring a probe with you in battle to make pylons a short distance behind your army to help warp in units and also provide supply for the large army you are creating . hot keys can be used to great effect here if you practice a bit . double-tapping a hotkey will center the screen on that location , so if you have a pylon or other unit near a pylon where you want to warp hotkeyed , you can center location on it with a hotkey , hit w ( to select all your warpgates ) , shift+click a bunch , and then double-tap a hot key to go back to your army in a second or so with practice . remember also that it is generally a good idea not to queue units , so warp gates enforcing this is a good way to practice your macro for other protoss production buildings and if you ever plan on playing terran . you generally want to be spending your minerals on things you get now , rather than things you will get later . this is an important point which is mentioned often by day9 in his tutorial casts . most of all , just keep practicing .
i am still not sure how many times one has to search a zone for it to become depleted , or if it varies from zone to zone ; from past experience i am guessing it is around three-four searches . if you are going to leave your session idle for a while , four-six hours is a good amount ( two-three searches ) ; however , you must beware of other players who might stumble upon the zone and search it themselves , causing the zone to deplete faster . when a zone becomes depleted , the scavenge zone button becomes scavenge zone ( depleted ) , letting you know that the zone is depleted , along with a nice helpful purple icon above it confirming that it is not lying about the zone being depleted . note that depleted zones are not empty ; you will still have a chance of finding common materials such as rotten logs and scrap metal to take back to the workshop with each search , just nothing special like drugs or chests .
i would update adobe air at www.adobe.com and run a graphic card driver update search on the website of the kind of card you got its much more precise .
do not spawn until the last possible moment or they will hear you . here are some of my strategies : boomer - he is slow , so do not try chasing survivors . get in front of them and spawn as they are coming around a corner , or drop from a higher place in between them and surprise ' em . smoker - i usually wait for a boomer to attack and as soon as he explodes on them i grab one , because they are all blind and deaf for a few seconds . this gives me enough time to do some damage . he is also good at grabbing survivors off ledges and high places . charger - i wait for the survivors to get in a cluster like in a narrow passage and then try to ram them all as it will take a couple of seconds for them to get up and kill you . he is also good to lead survivors back and to delay them by charging one of them across a long distance . spitter - just hide and spit . keep out of sight , as she is slow and dies quickly . your spit can bounce off walls ; use that to spit without exposing yourself . if they have been hit by a boomer and are getting attacked by common infected then spit at them , as attacking horde slows them down . jockey - not a big fan , but i normally wait until the others attack and then sneak in , grab one , and ride off into the sunset . you can use ledges and cliffs to your advantage and walk a survivor off them . even if they hang on , the rest of the team will either need to go back and lift him up , or leave him hanging and play the rest of the level down one survivor . also , works well in tandem with a spitter . hunter - hunter is silent when standing and also runs fast ; use that to run up to weak survivors from behind and do a scratch and run . also , pouncing from very high will do a lot of damage . i normally use him to punish any survivors trying to free a teammate from a smoker or charger .
in the beginning there was buildcraft , and industrialcraft 2 , and the players had pumps and generators and lo , it was good . then the nether tempted some . the vast lakes of lava were pumped and fed into the hungry maws of geothermal generators . for a time all was well , until more than one player decided to pump the nether for power . the flowing lava and the many flow recalculations per second caused the server to flail and gnash its teeth , and there was much wailing and cries of " why is the server so # and *$ing laggy ? this server sucks ! " the server ops wept for their children even as they banned pumping lava in the nether , knowing they had no choice , and there was much sadness . the modders , in their wisdom , thought long about this tragedy . the players love the geothermal generators , they said amongst themselves , but it causes much distress to the servers and the players cannot use their beloved pumps . what to do ? so thermal expansion added the magma crucible so that there would be a source of lava without needing pumps and the flow blocks the pumps begat . all was well for a time . but players still , in their newbness , pumped the nether and had to be explained the uses and virtues of the magma crucible . and players , in their leetness , discovered that the magma crucible could generate free energy in the right configurations , and there were those that lamented the loss of the beloved nether pumping stations and looked upon the vast burning lakes with longing , and some fell to temptation and were banned . the forums overflowed with cries for this injustice to be fixed and the nether to be returned to its natural place as a source of geothermal power . greg heard the cries of the fallen , and held them to his bosom and gave them succor . " here , give me your ic 2 pumps and your bc pumps ( but speak not to me of the redpower pumps , for they are an abomination unto me ) . give me your pumps , and take from me the advanced pump . take this , my gift , and pump the nether ! it will pump more slowly , but while its pace be tempered , it will drain the vast lakes of lava without creating flow blocks , and lo , it will be no laggier than a quarry for it will merely remove blocks and cause no recalculations ! rejoice , for i am thy salvation ! " and the players beheld the advanced pump , and the scales fell from the eyes of some and they saw it was good . those who knew of the old wailing and gnashing of teeth , and who followed the mystic movements of the mod developers saw what greg had done and saw the wisdom . they could pump the nether on shared servers , or run multiple pumps in their private games , and they would no longer see only a slideshow . there were players though who were but babes in arms when nether pumping was learned to be nefarious and evil , and they looked upon the gift of the advanced pump and in their arrogance spat upon the ground and bit their thumbs in contempt . thus was confusion and disarray born . greg bowed his head in sadness , but took comfort in the joy that he brought to the enlightened few . he knew this was the way of things , as he was already no stranger to the jibes of his detractors . he smiled his secret smile and turned his eyes from the confused and angry players , and basked in the love of those who understood him . and so it was , and so it shall be again , for time is but an ever-turning wheel . this is but a story , but in it there is the seeds of truth . remember it and tell it to your children and your children 's children , so that our people will remember and always walk in the light .
it does not count as harvested until the drone deposits it at the nexus . the drone keeps carrying the mineral or gas until you send it to a nexus to deposit it . related to your second question , here 's a good practice when switching a drone from minerals to gas : right click the assimilator , then immediately press " c " ( "cargo" ) , which causes drones to deposit any minerals at the nexus before continuing to the assimilator . that way you can pick any three drones and send them to harvest gas : if they are carrying minerals , they will immediately deposit them before going to the assimilator , and if they are not carrying minerals they will ignore your " c " and go right to the assimilator . ( credit for the best practice : @emmett )
there is no legal way to increase zoom . however , if you are not currently playing on a widescreen monitor , and if you can acquire one , picking a widescreen resolution will display a small bit more . after a bit of poking around , i found some comparison shots on the team liquid forums displaying the differences between the three aspect ratios . each of the pictures below is centered on the command center ( and i am not sure why it is german , but it is ) . 16x10 16x9 4x3
you could use a calm spell to get them to stop fighting and fast travel away . they should chill out after a few in-game days have passed without them seeing each other . alternatively , if you have an entrance to a different cell nearby ( indoors -> outdoors , one dungeon level -> different dungeon level , etc ) , you could try going through and fast traveling before the npc can give chase . the safest bet is to reload to an earlier save , though .
you can sabotage the cure in me3 , if you have high enough pa/re ranking in that way mordin lives , you can also sabotage it by killing mordin at the end and you can do it without high pa/re ranking .
lightning only strikes straight down , but can transform a pig within 3-4 blocks of the lightning strike . therefore , to keep your pigs safe from lightning storms , their shed has to be built so that it keeps them at least 5 blocks away from the outside sky . building a 5 block wide overhang around the shed roof should do it . alternatively , make your barn so that the pigs are in an inner chamber , with less " volatile " livestock like chickens and cows in the chambers near the walls .
let 's do some math here : average rush distance : 50 seconds drone build time : 17 seconds minerals gathered per second : 1*drones starting drones : 6 ( +50 min ) so if he rushing you with his initial 6 this means you should have enough to build at least 2 more drones by the time he arrives . this would leave you with 8 drones to his 6 . if he waits for his 7th , then you should be looking at 9-10 drones vs his 7 . the key point here is : you should always have more drones ! now in 2v2 i can see how this would be an issue . . . if your ally does not help you , but in 1v1 you should always have a leg up on anyone drone rushing . now many where you are falling down is drone micro . the key to good drone micro is two things try to surround his drones if you right-click on minerals ( harvest ) , your drones gain unit walking if you are ever in a situation where he has a surround and you do not , just click minerals . this will remove his surround . do not let your drones get caught behind each other as you want to get a good surround . finally , if he is dancing in and out , just mine more minerals and build more drones . he is not harvesting and you are , and that means you can gain an even larger advantage .
this is a confusing topic , for sure . the " ladder " in diablo 2 is essentially a scoreboard that keeps track of the top characters in each realm . occasionally , there is a ladder reset , where all ladder characters are integrated into non-ladder and ladder characters must be created anew . since ladder characters cannot interact at all with non-ladder characters , this means there are two separate economies going at once . ladder characters do not have access to older items that may have been created before patches changed item drop rates or stats , or old items made by item duplication exploits . because of this , good items tend to be much more expensive in ladder . additionally , there are some items that are only available in ladder , and cannot be dropped or created ( usually via a rune word ) in non-ladder . these items continue to exist , however , when the ladder characters are integrated with the non-ladder during a reset , and these items can be quite valuable in the non-ladder economy . overall , ladder in diablo 2 is a way for blizzard to help control the economy . if the economy is getting out of hand , a new ladder season will just start the economy over because everything is removed and has to be found from scratch again .
you can check the corresponding wiki page here , it give plenty of info . basically , in fallout 1 this is a random special encounter , while in f2 it can be obtained both in a random special encounter , and by a specific route . hope this helps .
so i wrote this post a long time ago and everything here still applies , however , there is one day9 daily that has happened since that deserves mentioning : the mental check list i will admit its a really good one , but not so good that i could not just add it to the current list of dailies . to be worth its own section i would need something like : the day9 coacher that is right , someone took the mental check list daily and made it into a program you can use . . . to get better . now i do not mention this a lot but my day job is a programmer , so the first thing i did was crack it open and start adding new sounds : spreed creep vomit larva stop playing so badly these are trivial to implement and since he provides source code , you can even toss in whatever you think is appropriate . i learned large portions of my knowledge by watching the day9 dailies . i believe he not only offers a steady supply of high level play and in depth analysis , but he also highlights issues that newer players often have . as a starter i would suggest the following : idra 's solid zvp opening brat_ok 's tvp special white_ra 's pvp blink stalkers back to the basics gold level 2v2 plugging leaks in silver level play learning from a loss fine tuning an opening among other things he will stress the importance of : splitting and rallying workers sending builders prior to having the minerals " normal " build orders having lots of " stuff " keeping minerals and energy low ( for macro ) powering drones transferring workers expanding when you attack timing pushes i would also avoid anything with thelittleone ( tlo ) in it . while his style is amazingly fun to watch , he plays on such a high level that little can be learned from his replays until you are more advanced . now once you have watched all those and practiced your builds my next advice is practice moar . to help with this i suggest yabot . it'll allow you to practice your builds again and again without having to load a new game ( it has an in game reset ) . smooth out your builds till you start playing like machine after that you can look at gosu coaching to help bring your play up to more competitive standards . also , if you need a practice partner my starcraft 2 account email is tzenes@gmail . com there are also a number of good articles here on gaming . se : what build order should i use for zerg in starcraft 2 what are popular opening builds for terran in starcraft 2 what are popular build orders for protoss in starcraft 2 scouting in starcraft 2 there is also a good article on sc abbreviations on battle .netas well as a beginners guide
i have not been able to find any official source , but i did some testing , and it does not seem to be affected by weapon/trap choice , combo-length , or kill-streak . in short , it is probably completely random , just like the coin-drops from the scavenger trinket .
there is an up-to-date explanation on how to fix it on the steam forums . if , for some reason , it becomes inaccessible , see my explanation below on how to fix it . still does not work ? here 's how to fix it . most credits go to some fellow nicknamed darkje - thanks darkje ! i prepared a single zip to speed up the process . short method download the following zip : maxpaynesoundfix . zip . extract it into the max payne installation folder ( with steam it should be &lt;base Steam folder&gt;\steamapps\common\max payne ) . double-click the MaxBatch.bat file , wait until it is done . some warnings may appear - ignore them . play the game ! if you can not download the zip for some reason , you can take the long method instead . long method step 1: get sox you need a distribution of sox , a utility that can convert sound files from one format to another . here 's a direct link to the download page - just download the file ending with win32.zip . for future reference , the version that worked for me was 14.3.1 . extract the downloaded zip somewhere , then copy the following files into the max payne folder ( as specified above in the short method ) : sox.exe libgomp-1.dll pthreadgc2.dll  step 2: get rasmaker rasmaker is a 3d-realms tool used for extracting the .ras files that contain all the game resources , including the sounds . you can download it as a part of the " max-fx tools " package , which i was able to find on the levels4you site . unfortunately , the site requires registration to download files - plus , you need to actually install that downloaded application . once you install it , copy the following two files from the folder &lt;fx-tools installation directory&gt;\RasMaker\ to the max payne folder : RASMaker.exe rl.dll  after you copy these files you can remove the installed fx tools application . step 3: create the batch file the following text is the code for a windows batch file . this was written by darkje and edited by me ( my edit is minor , though , it was just needed to update darkje 's original version to work with the current sox version ) . to create the file , first create a new , blank text file , then copy the following text inside it , and finally rename it to MaxBatch.bat and put it in the max payne installation folder . step 4: run the batch file and run the game right now your max payne folder should contain 6 new files - 3 from sox , 2 from rasmaker , and the MaxBatch.bat file . these are the same files you would have got from the undownloadable zip - so now just go to step 3 of the short method . notes running the batch file might take a few minutes , be patient . if anything went wrong , you can just run the MaxBatch.bat file again - it will restore the files to the original form . this will probably not work with a modded game : ( during the batch run , sox reported a lot of " dither " warning for me , in the format : sox WARN dither: dither clipped &lt;num&gt; samples; decrease volume? . it did not seem to cause any problem , though .
this question is ultimately down to how much you play , there are already answers both for and against you making back the cost of diablo 3 on this question . the truth is that if you play very little then no - it is unlikely you will make your money back . however over time you may get lucky with individual drops that you may wish to sell on the auction house . it is not possible to give a definitive answer against making your money back . if you play frequently then yes it is perfectly reasonable that you will make back the cost of the game . i personally have already made mine back and i know many others who have as well but this is from the point of view of having played for 300+ hours in a little over a month since diablo 3 was released . this all basically comes down to how long it takes you to get to the ' inferno ' difficulty , and how frequently you play the game within this difficulty . once you get further into inferno difficulty ( act 2+ ) about 5% of the items that drop on average will be of a quality that people are looking for when they are willing to spend real money . the method that i have used is selling lots of items at low prices , but in contrast to this others have made the full cost of the game back in a single transaction . the other thing to bare in mind , is that as more players get into this difficulty , the value of the market will begin to decrease over time as more items will become available to more players - again further demonstrating the inability to give a definitive answer to this question .
in general , " hitscan " weapons have no bullet travel time -- when you click the mouse or press the button , whatever 's in your crosshair gets hit . wikipedia has more info on the history of the term " hitscan": hitscan hitscan is a term is used mainly in computer games . it is a test to find out what can be hit by an in-game weapon ( be it a melee weapon , or the projectile emitted by a firearm ) . hitscan weapon is often used colloquially to refer to a projectile weapon which uses unmodified hitscan information to dictate whether or not it has hit its target — deploying the weapon calls the hitscan function , and if an object is detected in the path of the projectile , a hit is registered . the effect is that these projectiles travel at infinite speed ( a luxury of computers ' non-analog simulation of time ) and have a linear trajectory — a practical but very crude simulation of a bullet 's speed and accuracy . programmers need not use hitscan data in precisely this way when programming weapons . although hitscan weapons behave as described above , they can be given a more ' natural ' appearance ; for example , the assault rifle in half-life 2 calls a hitscan function in the middle of a ' blazing gun ' animation , creating a small amount of lag between weapon deployment and the hitting of the target to better approximate real-life ballistics .
sensors and doors can now be manned to allow them to act as if they were upgraded to one level higher than their current status . additionally , each system also has a fourth power level now , only reachable by upgrading it to its max of 3 power levels and then manning the system to reach its fourth level . level 3 sensors allow you to see enemy weapons charge . ( new feature ) level 4 sensors allow you to see enemy power distribution ( previously level 3 did this ) level 4 doors give you super blast doors . beyond the obvious implication that these are better than improved blast doors i am not sure exactly what this means yet .
it does not . you will notice that since then , wheatley 's eye appears cracked . take a gander .
i played a spacer war hero in my mass effect 3 playthough , so while i can not speak for the other origins , the spacer pre-service history ( mentioning shep 's mother , who is captain of another ship in the alliance navy ) came up a lot less than the background ( hero of elysium against the skyllian blitz ) did . for the demo in particular , it is practically irrelevant ; the only reason it is in there at all is because the demo features the tutorial level , and it was probably more trouble than it was worth to remove it . neither has a huge change on the story - in many ways , it had the most effect ( ha ! ) in mass effect 1 , simply because each pre-service history had an associated assignment , while later games did not .
by " default " , you get +20 aim if you are at least one elevation above your opponent , though how the game determines what elevation you are at seems somewhat random . damn good ground stacks with this , effectively increasing the accuracy bonus by 50% .
regarding barbarians - i think you just over-expanded too much . barbarians spawn in uncontrolled areas , and if there are a lot of these near your borders then they are going to give you a lot of pain . concentrate on eliminating these areas . by the way , barbarians camps are only created on unseen tiles - so you could actually send scouts to camp around these dark corners to provide visibility and thus prevent the barbarians from spawning there . regarding happiness - i think the main reason you face such a problem ( besides the fact you chose a very high difficulty , of course ) is that you have nobody to trade with ; that means that the only luxury resources you have are the ones you obtain yourself , which forces you to expand over huge territory to get these resources - and of course , every city you create costs you happiness , so the net gain is very small ! the only solution i can think of , at this stage of the game , is to : stop growing your cities - change the citizen allocation in your cities to stop further growth . focus on culture in order to afford policies that could help you with your happiness - in particular the freedom tree is very good for it , especially if you manually force your citizens to be specialists . it goes without saying but be sure to get all possible happiness buildings and try to get happiness wonders .
ashe is a really good place to start , she is only like 450 ip . tristana is also a good choice and you can get her for free if you have a facebook account ( just friend riot ) . if you do not i think she is still pretty cheap ip wise . if you are dieing a lot try playing a bit more conservatively . poke at your opponent but do not over extend . only do so if you know you and your lane partner ( or just yourself if your miding ) can kill or really cripple the enemy . poke at your enemy and try to draw them out . take a healing pot or two with your first starting item and always return when you have low health . your tower can take a hit or two while you are away . mages and other ranged type champions are usually low on defense cause they have high offensive capabilities . however most have some sort of crowd control to catch the opponent off guard . overall do not worry too much , it usually takes time to get used to how your champion works and others play against him/her . just watch what others are doing and try to learn from it = ) also check out some guides on the forums and at leaguecraft . com ( i know there are others but that is where i usually go ) . lots of useful info floating about ! now if riot would only put back up solo practicing you could practice a bit getting used to champions before heading out to normal games . . .
yes , you can . you still have to have a valid sc1 account though . and it uses classic battle .net, so you can not hook up with realid friends from sc2 and wow .
you received an email when you bought game dev tycoon via fastspring . in that email , you have multiple download links . just redownload the game and reinstall it . that is all you need to do . alternatively , you could activate your game via steam and enjoy the automatic updating there . you should have received an email with your steam key a while ago .
the dovakhiin is , in fact , ambidextrous .
the community over at hearthpwn has compiled a list of leveling system rewards ( which is too long to enumerate here ) . additionally the article on leveling in hearthstone at gamepedia provides insight . here are some interesting points to take away from the articles : gold cards are earned one at a time . unlike the basic cards , which are earned in pairs . heroes also earn golden versions of the basic set of neutral cards . class specific gold cards are earned between levels 11 - 49 . above level 50 golden basic neutral minion cards are awarded . to earn all gold neutral cards a player will have to level every hero to 60 . gold cards are earned at levels : 15 , 20 , 23 , 26 , 28 , 30 , 32 , 34 , 36 , 40 , 42 , 44 , 46 , 47 , 48 , 49 , 50 , 51 , 52 , 53 , 54 , 55 , 56 , 57 , 58 , 59 and 60 .
it is probably because of the country you are buying from . i believe someone can gift you the regular version if they buy it in a country that allows it . alternatively , you can buy the low violence version and use the instructions found here to enable the gore : http://www.destructoid.com/blogs/skribble/left4dead2-australian-gore-fix--153748.phtml
yes - the water table does replenish the water table in simcity is replenished from the following sources ; rain water from shorelines sewage treatment plants other cities outflow pipes from industrial buildings rain is not a reliable source of replenishment but does contribute . due to its random nature ( it never rains when you want it to ) you should never rely on your water table being replenished by rain . water from the shorelines however does replenish the water table a lot faster than water from rain , but seemingly not fast enough to cater for a sudden explosion in population . the outflow pipes from industrial buildings will put polluted water back into the ground . this does not show up as blue but even so , it is still water . it will need treating before it gets to your sims but it is still present on the water table . sewage treatment facilities will replenish the water table during their normal operation . sure they are pretty expensive to place but if you are heading towards a high population city you will need to cater for replenishing the water table just as much as getting garbage off your streets or keeping everything powered . some tips for managing your water simcity is not simcity 4 - large cities are not supposed to be self sufficient . this is managed by the ' multi-city ' game mechanic and if you want clean and efficient cities with large populations you are going to have to import some of your water see water management as a challenge you are going to have to overcome along the way through proper planning and preparation slow down ! the purpose of the game is not to get a massive population in as little time as possible , the goal is to create a stable region consisting of multiple cities that compliment each other some cities may be your population centers and some cities may be mining hubs , and these cities are going to be thirsty , but other cities in the region may have an abundance of coal or oil , and these smaller cities can provide the water to your population centers the best advice for a perpetual water supply build a water pump next to a sewage treatment plant . the sewage treatment plant will replenish the water table as fast as the water pump is depleting it , thus providing the effect of infinite water . it is also a good way to pick up germs and make your population sick in the instance of a sewage overflow , so filtration pumps at your water pump may be the way to go with this .
i will assume you are referring to prestige unlock tokens since you are talking about gear . when a player prestiges , they earn a prestige unlock token that permanently unlocks any one item i have not personally made it to 2nd prestige , but i would be confident that you can bank these if you want , since they are token format and in the previous game you could bank the tokens for later use ( and i did so personally ) .
from all that i remember , there is really no explanation for the nymph 's appearance at the end of land of the livid . there is nothing in moody clouds that will explain it . from my understanding , the land of the livid is really just a truly optional second ending separate from the main story ending on moody clouds .
in order to change the difficulty level back to normal , you have to go to your character selection screen , select the quest/act and then use the drop down menu in the bottom left hand corner to change the difficulty ( re : screenshot ) .
if you are going for pure ap , then obviously you want to have a rabadon 's deathcap . it grants 120 ap , and has a unique passive that modifies your ap up 30% . another item you will almost certainly want is seraph 's embrace . it only grants 60 ap , but grants 1000 mana , and has a unique passive that grants an additional 3% mana as ap , this makes it worth more than a second deathcap as soon as you have 1000 mana from other sources . lichbane is worth only 87.5 ap , not worth taking in a pure ap build rod of ages is worth about 100 ap , still not worth taking in a pure ap build mejai 's soulstealer , fully stacked , is worth 180 ap , definitely worth taking if you can keep the stacks up . it drops to 124 on a single death . ( 13 stacks ) deathfire grasp is worth 120 ap , exactly as much as rabadon 's deathcap , and would make a good filler item , as while the active will not stack , you will get the 10% cooldown reduction repeatedly . zhonya 's hourglass is also worth 120 ap , and can be stacked for armour . add in elixer of brilliance , and exalted with baron nashor for an extra 80 ap and 10% cdr final build : boots , rabadon 's deathcap , seraph 's embrace , deathfire grasp , zhonya 's hourglass , mejai 's soulstealer . elixer of brilliance and exalted with baron nashor . = ( 120+60+120+120+120+40+40+3%mana ) *1.3 = ( 620 + 3% mana ) * 1.3 = 884 + 3.9% mana . this itemization is the best you can do with boots for a generic champion . this should work for almost any given mana'd champion with any given rune/mastery set . here is a link to this build on anivia ( my main ) for 1166 ap edit : sorry , i missed the part about 3v3 , that section below : 3v3 rabadon 's zhonya 's , and mejai 's are all disabled , as are exalted with baron nashor and elixer of brilliance . wooglet 's witchcap , while only 100 ap , multiplies ap by 1.25 , and so is still worth taking . exalted with baron nashor is replaced by crest of crushing wrath , also worth 40 ap , while elixer of brilliance is replaced by ichor of illumination , which yields 64 ap , up from 40 . additionally , the 2 altar bonus from twisted treeline gives an extra 10% ap . in total the build consisted of 3 deathfire grasp 's , seraph 's embrace , boots , and wooglet 's witchcap , and i was able to get 1131 ap .
yes , they do . the character who initiates the attack gets a larger chunk , but all characters involved get experience .
one must shift + left click each in turn to queue up each technology in turn . without shift , it will reset the queue each time you click on a new technology . i searched through the endless space manual on steam and i could not find a reference to this , but it is discussed on forums .
the advanced electric buffer item was practically designed to do exactly this task . the item is introduced by gregtech , and it inputs items into specified slots into machines .
you are pretty much screwed now . crimson and hallow will spread through your world like wildfire , underground and all through your map . i cannot confirm whether or not it will take over your snow biome , but there is a high chance that it will . your best bet is to pick up as much of the unique biomes as you can to store in your pocket , and start building preservation biomes in the sky , preferably above hallow to avoid having your preserves corrupted . this will run the risk of having frequent wyvern attacks but . . . well , that is the risk you run when you go into hardmode . my real suggetion to you though is to start over on a new world , maybe even with a new , ungeared character , and not go directly for hardmode right off the bat . with all the changes that have been made to the pre-hardmode world , it is worth exploring before taking on the wof .
no , it only applies to monsters slain . the mods on items are a bit misleading , it does not tell you that it only applies to slain mobs . the character screen states that it applies only to drops of mobs . source , source
in order to charge a soul gem , you need to use the soul trap spell : merely killing enemies is not enough . cast soul trap , then kill the enemy , and the gem will get charged . if you have a weapon with the soul trap enchantment , that'll work as well .
no , you have to travel 1000m ( =1000 blocks ) from the point where you started in one direction . the rails can go up and down but they have to go a 1000 blocks in one direction . what i mean is that , you can divert from the path , but you have to have travelled 1000 blocks in one direction . let 's say there are directions w , x , y , z . w = forward x = backward y = right z = left now , if you want to go 1000m in w direction , you can divert and go a bit y and z , but they will not be counted , similarly , x will also not be counted . you need to travel 1000 blocks only in w direction .
the egg dropped after killing the dragon is a decorative item . it will never hatch into an ender dragon . if you still want it as decoration , build a platform underneath it and push it with a piston to beak it . it is impossible to spawn the ender dragon in the overworld without mods .
while there is a lot of terminology/slang out there for dota 2 trading , the ones you ask about are : hook : pudge 's bone hook . tb : vintage timebreaker , a weapon for faceless void old key : refers to the regular treasure keys that are $2.50 usd in the store new key : refers to the current promotional key that you need to open certain new chests . as of january 2013 , new keys refer to the dark treasure chest keys , which open the " treasure of dark implements " chest .
there is a small folder inside the minecraft/bin folder called natives . this folder contains files that have platform-specific code . when you copied over your install , you copied over the windows-native files in this folder . as a result , the game fails to run . you can fix this by replacing the contents of that folder with the correct files from a valid 1.4.6 installation that was done on a mac . i am not entirely certain how you can do that , but the files from a 1.4.7 install may work if in fact mojang have not changed very much except for some classes in the main jar file . archive your modded install somewhere else , install mc 1.4.7 fresh , and save the natives folder it generates somewhere convenient . wipe the rest and put your modded install back in place , remove its windows-based natives folder , and drop in your new one . see if it runs . if using a 1.4.7 natives folder does not work though , one way to try would be to use minecraft nostalgia , which can downgrade the latest version of minecraft to an arbitrary previous version . ( i have used it for downgrading to 1.2.5 for modding purposes , but i have not done it on a mac . it appears to support win/mac/linux though . ) you would safely archive your modded install , wipe it from the minecraft/ folder , then run the vanilla launcher to get 1.4.7 . close it out , then run minecraft nostalgia , choosing 1.4.6 from the list . once it is done the conversion , grab the minecraft/bin/natives folder for later . wipe the rest , put your modded install in , and delete the minecraft/bin/natives folder that came from windows . finally , drop in your natives/ folder gleaned from mc nostalgia , cross your fingers , and launch ! again , i have never had to do this , but it should work .
alderaan datacrons aim +4 x : 1106 , y : 78 presence +3 x : -81 , y : -267 willpower +3 x : -2508 , y : -427 strength +4 x : 2191 , y : -2020 endurance +3 x : 2721 , y : 2496 balmorra ( empire ) datacrons strength +2 x : 727 , y : 2033 aim +2 x : -1017 , y : 1514 willpower +2 x : 191 , y : -346 cunning +2 x : 1853 , y : 111 green matrix shard x : -505 , y : 1990 balmorra ( republic ) datacrons aim +2 x : 191 , y : -346 cunning +2 x : -1017 , y : 1514 presence +2 x : 730 , y : 2030 endurance +3 x : -485 , y : -233 willpower +4 x : -779 , y : 2069 coruscant datacrons presence +2 x : 2320 , y : 1055 yellow matrix shard x : 905 , y : 4557 strength +2 x : -3087 , y : 3030 endurance +2 x : -3729 , y : 161 cunning +2 x : 1021 , y : 3967 dromund kaas datacrons strength +2 x : 855 , y : 643 presence +2 x : 581 , y : 798 cunning +2 x : -1219 , y : 209 yellow matrix shard x : -187 , y : 1738 endurance +2 x : -793 , y : 1450 hutta datacrons aim +2 x : -96 , y : 861 blue matrix shard x : -22 , y : 319 presence +2 x : 497 , y : -13 korriban datacrons willpower +2 x : 529 , y : 65 endurance +2 x : 150 , y : 78 red matrix shard x : -55 , y : 379 nar shaddaa datacrons republic - aim +3 x : -3362 , y : -3316 republic - presence +3 x : 3338 , y : -3287 cunning +3 x : 1958 , y : 3288 republic - strength +3 x : 2156 , y : 3103 yellow matrix shard x : 1702 , y : 3084 empire - aim +3 x : -3699 , y : -1692 empire - presence +3 x : 2930 , y : 400 empire - strength +3 x : 2017 , y : 2441 ord mantell datacrons red matrix shard x : 778 , y : 133 presence +2 x : -971 , y : 201 aim +2 x : -660 , y : -561 taris datacrons strength +2 x : 1187 , y : -571 aim +2 x : -1515 , y : -253 cunning +2 x : 1047 , y : 454 willpower + 2 x : -362 , y : -227 green matrix shard x : 1059 , y : 1039 tatooine datacrons republic - cunning +3 x : 2140 , y : -3671 willpower +3 x : 2115 , y : -596 aim +3 x : -628 , y : -30 blue matrix shard x : -2391 , y : -1381 strength +3 x : -2391 , y : -1381 empire - cunning +3 x : 726 , y : 3137 tython datacrons endurance +2 x : -33 , y : -102 willpower + 2 x : -648 , y : -72 blue matrix shard x : -93 , y : 925 source : http://www.swtor-spy.com/datacrons/
hmm , looking at the auction house over an extended period shows that nightmare blues sell between 200-500 gold and the nightmare essence can be purchased for around 50gold . hell and inferno essence is similar around 50-70 gold which would be worth even more . the rare ingredient is a bit more from the auction house 200-400 . but these items sell for a lot more anyway . so the moral of the story , never salvage your gear . sell it to a vender and buy essence off the auction house . this is of course depending on what happens months after launch but the to speculate the increase in time should only increase the items on the auction house . similarly keep an eye out for items with a buy out of a lower cost than the vender sell price . using the buy out search option you can make a lot of quick easy wins .
the player hq and hub are still in the latest x3:ap ( make sure you update the patches since the quest is not in 1.0 of ap ) . there are also several unknown sectors you can ' claim ' in ap , but if you are thinking of the reward sector you get in x3:tc , that sector has since then been claimed by a race . the total number of unowned sectors in ap is now lower as each race decided to expand a little .
for the ' kin ' achievements i had a hard time until i ended up using silly tactics for each of the 3 races to allow my team the win with a lot more ease , and a lot less frustration at my idiotic teammates . protos cannon rush . you can see my description of it here . the basic gist is : send a starting probe to their base ( on megatron ) and set up a pylon and forge , then start planting cannons until they are all hampered enough that your team rolls over them . zerg spine crawler rush . this works best on maps where all the bases are seperated . this means your opponents all need to be zerg . harvest for &lt ; 1min with all of your drones . build 1 or 2 new drones . then save up for a pool . after the min has past send 2-4 of your drones into the opponents base . then split them up 2 per opponent base . as soon as you have the resources turn those drones into spine crawlers behind their resource line . use the minerals to funnel the drones so only one can attack your spine at a time . if all goes well you will land 2 crawlers behind 2 different bases and it will cause enough economic damage that the other 3 players on your team will be able to roll over the opposing ai . if all does not go well , they will have attacked your crawlers and killed them . save yourself the time and pack up and surrender . just try it again . terran i chose protoss for my opponents on this one . this works best on maps where there are two players per base . i built fast into 3 barracks with tech labs and mass produced reapers . i then proceed to reaper harass the opponents , watching for striders and zealots to come defend while cleaning house of probes . if you are able to take out a nexus early , that is always very helpful . if all goes well you did enough damage that your buddies can clean house , otherwise start over . hope this helps out , this is exactly how i did them .
installing the game on to the 360 's hard disk , simply put , does nothing more than reduce load times , as the image on the hard disk can be access much quicker than the image on a dvd drive , thus increasing the performance of games that need to frequently load content from the media . you still need to provide the game disk however , for copy protection .
the most important thing to note is that identifying items in one game only helps you in that game . if ruby rings were rings of invisibility last game , but you died and started a new one , you know nothing about them . the exceptions are the trivial ones : potions of water and blank scrolls/spellbooks . the second most important thing about identifying items is that each item can be blessed , uncursed , or cursed . if your role is priest , then the blessed/uncursed/cursed status is automatically revealed to you for all items . if you are of any other role , then you need to utilize alternative methods to determine the status . the available options are : you can figure out which items are which by dropping them on an altar ( as long as you are not blind , so that you can see the flashes of light ) . reading a scroll of identify will also point out the status of the item . as mentioned in durathor 's answer , pets will avoid walking on cursed items that are on the ground , only moving " reluctantly " if they ever stand on it . you can use this from the start to avoid an early demise from using cursed equipment . blessed items and uncursed items are much safer to use than cursed ones . do not drink any cursed potions , read cursed scrolls , or put on any cursed rings/armor unless you know exactly what you are doing . rings and armour conversely , if you have rings or armor that you know is not cursed , you can put it on and take it off right afterwards . for certain types of equipment ( ring of invisibility , gauntlets of dexterity , boots of levitation , etc ) this may identify it immediately . others will have clear effects , allowing you to #n ame them yourself . ( ring of conflict , gloves of fumbling , etc ) this will also tell you how heavily enchanted a piece of armor is . note that certain types of rare headgear can still cause problems , even if they are not cursed . the helm of opposite alignment will lose you all your divine protection , and will block you from doing the quest . anything that looks like a " conical hat " should be avoided unless you are a wizard , in which case you may want to wear the expensive type . potions potions provide you with some interesting options . clear potions are always water . however , they may be blessed ( holy water ) or cursed ( unholy water ) , which have important uses . you can find out what kind of water you have by dropping the potion on an altar ( they will not break , promise ) . you can try #d ipping a unicorn horn into a potion . most bad potions will be neutralized this way . if you dip a unicorn horn into a brown potion , and the brown potion clears/changes color , do not drink any brown potions . however , just because the potion did not change , does not mean it is safe to drink . unicorn horns do not detect everything . ( sleeping and acid , for example ) . also , a potion of polymorph will cause you to lose your unicorn horn as it turns into something else . this can be prevented by dipping any other item into the potion first . if you find a food shop , you can try dropping your potions there . anything that the shopkeeper offers to buy from you is a " food potion . " in practice , that means water , fruit juice , or booze . monsters will drink helpful potions ( speed , healing , invisibility ) and throw harmful potions ( paralysis , blindness , acid ) at you . when in doubt , wait for this to happen instead of drinking random potions . the penalties are much less severe , especially if the potion was cursed . if a potion was dropped by a nymph , and it is not one she stole from you , chances are that it is object detection . the potion of oil is unique in that you can a pply it to light it on fire like a lamp . no other potion is a valid target to apply . scrolls for scrolls , i typically end up relying on price . as with all items , more expensive scrolls do ' bigger ' things . some specifics on scrolls : first level of sokoban always has two scrolls of earth in the same spot . if you find a scroll in a one-square " closet " , it will be a scroll of teleportation . scrolls of identify are really cheap . cheaper than blank scrolls . this makes them pretty easy to identify . for more information , including a very detailed price id guide , see http://www.steelypips.org/nethack/id_faq.html
because some of these are only available after the jeweler has been unlocked before starting a shattered crown in act i , you will have to start already completed quests after having unlocked the jeweler to get his act i conversations . the town becomes inaccessible after you start the objective find diablo during the prime evil in act iv and so any not heard by that point have been entirely missed . act i tell me about yourself : available from the time after you complete the quest the legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil in act iv . the restless dead : available from the time after you complete the quest legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you begin act ii . deckard cain : available from the time after you complete the quest legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you accept the quest the doom in wortham . jewels : available during the quest a shattered crown . king leoric : available from the time after you complete the quest a shattered crown and before you accept the quest reign of the black king until you complete the quest reign of the black king . the fallen star : available during the quest sword of the stranger . the world : available after accepting the quest the broken blade until you accept the quest the doom in wortham . dark visions : available during the quest the doom in wortham . grieving : available during the quest trailing the coven . the stranger : available during the quest the imprisoned angel . the journey ahead : available during the quest return to new tristram . act ii what services do you offer ? : available from the time after you begin act ii and before you accept the quest shadows in the desert until you begin act iii . a mysterious rumor : available from the time after you begin act ii and before you accept the quest shadows in the desert until you accept the quest blood and sand . the desert heat : available from the time after you begin act ii and before you accept the quest shadows in the desert until you accept the quest a royal audience . a special jewel : available after accepting the quest shadows in the desert until you begin act iv . a case of mistaken identity : available after accepting the quest shadows in the desert until you begin act iv . caldeum : available from the time after you complete the quest city of blood and before you accept the quest a royal audience until you complete the quest unexpected allies . zoltun kulle : available from the time after you complete the quest unexpected allies and before you accept the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you complete the quest the black soulstone . legends and myth : available after accepting the quest blood and sand until you begin act iv . the jewel 's price : available after accepting the quest the black soulstone until you begin act iv . the black soulstone : available from the time after you complete the quest the black soulstone and before you accept the quest the scouring of caldeum until you begin act iii . act iii the frozen north : available from the time after you begin act iii and before you accept the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you accept the quest machines of war . memories : available after accepting the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil in act iv . more memories : available after accepting the quest turning the tide until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil in act iv . hard questions : available after accepting the quest tremors in the stone until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil in act iv . the battlefields : available after accepting the quest machines of war until you accept the quest heart of sin . the nature of the jewel : available after accepting the quest siegebreaker until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil in act iv . the end : available after accepting the quest heart of sin until you are given the objective get the soul of azmodan during the quest heart of sin . act iv the hunt continues : available after accepting the quest fall of the high heavens until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil . hope : available after accepting the quest fall of the high heavens until you accept the quest beneath the spire . a dark day : available during the quest fall of the high heavens leah 's soul : available after accepting the quest the light of hope until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil . god or man : available after accepting the quest beneath the spire until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil . ruin and corruption : available during the quest beneath the spire . the lord of terror : available after accepting the quest prime evil until you are given the objective find diablo during the quest the prime evil . victory : available after defeating diablo but before speaking with auriel to end the quest and game .
jng-90 damage : 80-59 points reload speed : 2.5 seconds loaded , 4.5 seconds empty ammo capacity : 10 + 1 max ammo : 66 + 11 rpm : 46.2 max rage : 2,800m m98b damage : 95 - 59 reload speed : 2.9 seconds loaded , 4.7 seconds empty ammo capacity : 5 + 1 rounds max ammo : 60 + 6 rounds rpm : 46.15 m40a5 damage : 80 - 59 reload speed : 2.7 seconds loaded , 4 seconds empty ammo capacity : 10 + 1 rounds max ammo : 55 + 11 rounds rpm : 54.5 rpm all are bolt-action sniper rifles . the m98b does a higher damage-per-shot rate but has a much smaller magazine and longer reload time . all info from the battlefield 3 wiki . symthic . com has a excellent comparison tool for looking at different weapons .
8-bit and 16-bit , for video games , specifically refers to the processors used in the console . the number references the size of the words of data used by each processor . the 8-bit generation of consoles ( starting with the japan 's famicom , the equivalent of the us nintendo entertainment system ) used 8-bit processors ; the 16-bit generation ( starting with japan 's turbografix-16 ) used 16-bit processors . this affects the quality and variety in the graphics and the music by affecting how much data can be stored ; oak 's answer details the specifics of graphics . if you do not know about a computer bit , then here is the wikipedia article on bits : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bit, which i will quote the first sentence that is all one really needs to know . a bit or binary digit is the basic unit of information in computing and telecommunications ; it is the amount of information that can be stored by a digital device or other physical system that can usually exist in only two distinct states . now , note that in modern times , things like "8-bit music " and "16-bit graphics " do not necessarily have anything to do with processors or data size , as most machinery does not run that small anymore . they may instead refer specifically to the style of music or graphics used in games during those generations , done as a homage to nostalgia . 8-bit music is the standard chiptune fare , the graphics were simplistic in terms of colour . 16-bit music is higher quality but often still has a distinct electronic feel , while the graphics got much more complex .
from the lol forums for minions on summoner 's rift : melee minions are 64 exp +5 every 3 minutes ranged minions are 32 exp +3 every 3 minutes rider minions are 100 exp +7 every 3 minutes time starts from game start , not from the initial minion spawn . minions increase in exp if they spawn after the " x " minute mark . last hitting does not change the experience gained . neither does distance - you either get the experience or you are too far away . that is why zoning is so effective . from lol wiki : killing an enemy champion rewards a player with an amount of experience determined by the level of the champion slain . the experience gained is equal to 75% of the total experience required for a champion to go from the slain champion’s current level to the next level up . in other words , if a level 7 champion is slain , the total experience gained is 75% of the total experience required for a champion to go from level 7 to level 8 , or 862.5 experience points . the experience reward will be increased if there is a positive level difference between champions ( e . g . a level 5 champion killing a level 7 champion ) and decreased if the level difference is negative . edit : additionally , you have to factor in +exp masteries and runes , if you have either of them or both . in addition , when more than 1 champion is sharing experience , 10% extra experience is split among all champions . two champions each gain 55% . three champions each gain 36.7% . four champions each gain 27.5% . five champions each gain 22% .
i do not think there is a cap on the amount of resources you can send allies . i do not have a definitive source for this but i have done some testing : my team once tried a strategy where one of us only built expansions and economy , protected by static defenses . she then piped the resources to my friend and i , who went for high-tech builds . she never ran into a limit on sending resources . this " strategy " is kind of fun since it lets one person handle all the macro and another all the micro , but it has it is own risks . you cannot send resources immediately though . when you start a game , if you click the transfer button right away , you will see there is a delay before you can start sending ( i think it is 5 minutes but i could be wrong ) . i assume this is to prevent a true cheese rush where people send all their resources to one person , effectively letting one person start with 18 workers .
there is no demand mechanic as everybody has said , there is simply a truck spawn timer that spawns regional trucks to either export or import goods . the more regional truck bays you put on your trade depot the more trucks will come in to export/import goods . anyways , that is not your problem . if you have everything set up right and no traffic , here 's more than likely your problem : there is currently ( as of 03/26/2013 ) a regional trade truck bug which causes trucks to get stuck on the regional highway near the entrance of another city . this causes huge problems and results in excess storing up of your goods . i have seen this reported to maxis programmers several times and a patch is incoming to fix it .
the recently released battle .netdesktop app now includes the ability to chat with your friends if they are logged on to that same app , or any of wow , scii , d3 or hearthstone .
looking at the wording available for the heck hound spell : deals 130 fire damage per pip over 3 rounds ( accuracy 75% ) it can be seen that the damage this spell can give is dependent on how many rounds you manage to stay fighting , as 1 more pip is added for every round you stay fighting . thus , the only way to compare this spell in regards to damage is by comparing it to other spells that use the same number of pips . so , for the number of pips , this is the total average ( damage * pips * accuracy * 3 rounds ) damage done by heck hound : 1 - 292.5 2 - 585 3 - 877.5 4 - 1170 5 - 1462.5 6 - 1755 7 - 2047.5 8 - 2340 9 - 2632.5 10 - 2925  we can see here that the spell 's damage is quite high . let 's also assume that there is only one enemy , so that spells that target all enemies can be considered fairly . running down all math , i was able to produce an excel file detailing all spells ' damage . by analyzing the data one can check that heck hound is indeed the most powerful ( in terms of damage ) spell , except for the 8 pips case , where king artorius ( myth ) alone gains a small advantage . the judgement spell from the balance school has similar mechanics to this spell , but falls a lot short , due to the round bonus .
the answer for the question linked by @ender is very good , but also very boring . the thing i always did when i was a bit short on cash was fast travel between cities/villages , which would spawn a dragon every now and then ( about a quarter of the times if i remember correctly ) . then if you kill the dragon you can loot it and sell the spoils ( or craft armor from them ) . i do not know if it is very fast compared to other methods ( like alchemy ) , but it definitely is more fun as you get to actually play the game instead of standing at an alchemy lab all the time . using this method also levels your combat skills fairly quickly and it gets you dragon souls .
as of beta 1.7 , tnt can only be detonated by fire or redstone , meaning it is now possible to remove placed tnt like any other block .
ellen mclain explained a bit about the creation of the turret opera at anime midwest 2011: ( watch from 1:00 to 4:55 ) video transcription starting from 3:30 up to 4:55 . . . when we were in the studio , i did all of the recording in a lot of different syllables . you know . . . doo-doo-doo , va-va-va , la-la-la . . . you know , different consonants and different vowel combinations . and then mike said : " well , can you just make up some words ? " and i said : " sure ! " so i made up words in my very bad high-school italian , because i studied italian when i was in the high school . and i have to say that mike and i have decided that we are not going to divulge exactly what i said , because we love all the creativity . on the internet , the translations are close or not so close , but none of them have been absolutely correct . but it was , because mike morasky told me in the recording session , he said : " this is the goodbye . this is the goodbye to the player . so , hence , this is the goodbye to chell . " so i started making up words in italian . maybe we will never know for sure what are the the correct , " official " lyrics , but we know they are italian ( or something that resembles italian ) , and also that some unofficial translations got pretty close . edit : i just noticed that keaanu had posted a comment linking to ellen mclain answering questions from reddit : 5 . q ) “what is the story behind the turret opera song ? was this something you wanted to do with your opera background ? ” 5 . a ) the composer , mike morasky was the driving force behind the turret opera . he wrote all the music . he requested that i use my legit voice ( operatic sound ) on some of the takes . he chose the takes to use . he asked me to make up some words . so i did so in my bad italian .
for inclines in 1.6 ( tested ) , one powered rail at the bottom of a slope will boost a cart with a player in it up 6 blocks before needing another boost . edit : tavirider has made another great video showing all the powered rail things in 1.6 .
no , they do not , they are just skins .
look for the mission called priority : eden prime . assuming you have the dlc installed , this should be available to you in the game as soon as you board the normandy and can use your galaxy map . it is , in fact , the first thing i did upon having a choice about where to go . as a heads up , there is a bonus mission on that planet called eden prime : resistance movement . make sure you have done everything possible on that before completing the main dlc mission , as it appears you can not return to eden prime later if you missed anything .
if there are server issues during your game that riot would consider serious enough to affect your gameplay , then any loss will be forgiven due to circumstances outside of your control ( source ) . this means that your elo and win/loss stats are unaffected by that loss . however , if you win your elo will only increase by half of what it normally would . ip and xp are gained as usual . i do not believe they forgive losses for teammates leaving the game though ( jestercapp discusses that here ) .
i havent ever played pes but pro clubs is probably your best best , where you play as your virtual pro . you can invite friends and you make your own club , picking kits etc . you also play in cups for xp and upgrade your stadiums etc .
skills that work with teammates akali 's twilight shroud also hides other friendly akalis . anivia 's frostbite will do double damage to an enemy that is ' chilled ' by another friendly anivia . brand 's abilities will all gain their passive effect if a friendly brand 's immolation is on that enemy . cassiopeia 's twin fang will be set to a . 5 cd if it hits any enemy poisoned by another friendly cassiopeia ( also goes for teemo/singed poison when not in ofa ) . darius gains movement speed from his passive for bleeding enemies , no matter which darius applied the bleeding stacks . diana 's moonlight an allied diana can use others diana 's moonlight for her lunar rush . draven may catch another friendly ( or foe ) draven 's spinning axe . jarvan iv using friendly jarvan 's demacian standard to dragon strike towards . jayce 's acceleration gate will boost the power of all friendly jayce 's shock blasts . kennen 's mark of the storm stacks no matter which kennen applies them . leblanc 's sigil of silence can be procced by friendly leblancs ( including another leblanc 's sigil of silence ) . leona can proc friendly leonas ' passive . lux can detonate the passive from any other friendly lux . maokai 's vengeful maelstrom 5 of those ulti 's will make everybody inside almost unkillable . nocturne 's duskbringer will increase friendly nocturne 's stats . quinn can proc any friendly quinn 's harrier syndra can use all friendly syndra 's orbs as if they were her own . twitch 's deadly venom can stack with other twitch 's deadly venom and be procced by a friendly twitch 's expunge . urgot 's acid hunter will lock on to a target hit by another urgot 's noxian corrosive charge . varus ' blighted quiver can stack and be procced by friendly varus ' abilities . vayne can stack on and proc friendly vayne 's silver bolts vi can stack on and proc other vi 's denting blows zigg 's satchel charge launches other friendly ziggs upon detonation . zilean 's time bomb will explode instantly if another zilean places a bomb on the same target . zyra can create plants from friendly zyras ' seeds skills that do not work with teammates passive auras buffs like heimer 's passive or janna 's passive do not stack . akali 's mark of the assassin cannot be triggered by another friendly akali . katarina 's bouncing blade mark cannot be triggered by another friendly katarina . mordekaisers cannot stack their ultimate . if attempted , the skill does nothing but the cooldown resets . sejuani 's permafrost active does not affect enemies with permafrost from another sejuani . xerath 's mage chains stun cannot be triggered by another friendly xerath . zac can only pick up his own blobs that drop when using abilities . possible skill interactions ( untested ) ahri 's charm increasing damage of friendly ahri 's . darius ' hemorrhage increases damage of friendly darius ' ults . swain 's torment incresing damage dealt by friendly swains . thresh 's the box damaging and enemy only once no matter how many different thresh walls they break . vladimir 's hemoplague either refreshing the duration or stacking for more increased damage .
in order to get coins from any animals , gold mice , blue mice , bats , spiders , etc . , you have to flash them with your light . the strobe light not the dark light . it does not have to be any specific charge just a quick flash , and poof , they explode and gold pops out . gold mice give a gold bar , same goes for other gold animals . blue mice give 1 gold , all non-gold flying creatures give a note/bill which is 5 gold , etc . i do not think i have encountered all the animals yet but if i find information i will update this answer with the gold values of the animals .
as i mentioned in the comments , you are looking at the wrong aspect of armor . you should not be looking at the percentage it reduces , but rather the amount of damage it actually prevents as a measure of how much longer that armor lets your survive . let 's consider an example for a champion with 0 armor . say he has 1000 health , just ' cause that is a nice round number . now our champion gets caught in garen 's judgement , and starts taking 100 physical damage each second ( at one hit per second ) . clearly , our protagonist can take ten hits before dying . but now , imagine our champion has the 50 armor you mention , meaning the incoming physical damage is reduced . now ( still with 1000 health ) it takes 15 seconds for that bastard garen to claim our champion 's life . 50 armor extended our life by 5 seconds . ( 100 * ( 2/3 ) = 66.6 dps ; 1000 / 66.66 . . . = 15 hits ) so our champion respawns , wises up , and buys 50 more armor . now with 100 armor , we are sitting at a flat 50% damage reduction . again we run into garen , who is still dealing 100 base damage per second . it now takes him twice as long to kill us -- 20 seconds . once again the armor has extended our life , again by 5 seconds . ( 100 * . 5 = 50 dps ; 1000 / 50 = 20 hits ) back in base , we buy another 50 armor . we are now at 150 armor , and 60% damage reduction . enter garen -- spinspinspinspinspinspin and it takes 25 seconds before our champion dies . again , adding 50 armor extended our life by 5 seconds . ( 100 * . 4 = 40 dps ; 1000 / 40 = 25 hits ) so even while the amount of damage reduced per point of armor diminishes ( as you observed ) , the amount of time armor extends your life ( or effective health ) remains distinctly linear .
i know you have said that you have not been able to manually kill one yet , if you give yourself a strength potion strong enough to kill the dragons with less than 1 hit ( with a diamond sword ) would that work for you ? put this into a command block and then activate it ( with you the closest to it ) /effect @p 5 99999 250 also , thanks to grgarside for pointing out that this does not need to be in a command block , you can just do /effect &lt;your username&gt; 5 99999 250 since this will cause the effect to last forever , just do /effect &lt;your username&gt; 5 0 or drink some milk .
you need to go to the social district in order to customize your clothing , death themes , symbols , vehicles , and weapons . once there , you can find stalls scattered around the district which you can use for customization .
try cmd+tab , cmd+m , or cmd+h .
yes , you can do this . first , download mcedit . open up your classic . lvl and save it , in mcedit , as a schematic . then , make a super-flat world and open it ( or create a new one with mcedit ) , and paste the schematic where you need it to be . save it as a minecraft world . ( remember that you may need to patch things up ; i did this once and i had to seal things up because lava was coming in , and the floor could reach the void . )
if you only want to teleport people who are in a certain group , you can use the new scoreboard command to create a ' group ' of people ( using teams ) , and then teleport only that team with this command ( targets nearest player in the group specified ) /tp @p[team=&lt;internal group name&gt;,&lt;other params here&gt;] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt;  to set up your groups , you can create a group like this : /scoreboard teams add &lt;internal group name&gt; &lt;display name&gt;  and then add people to this group like this : /scoreboard teams join &lt;internal group name&gt; &lt;user name&gt;  the advantage of this system is also that you can use it actually to separate groups in the actual game . the scoreboard command has a feature that means that the display name of a team will be displayed before the actual username , appearing like this in the chat : [&lt;display name&gt;] &lt;user name&gt;: ...  more info on this system can be found in the wiki page linked above . changing the @p in the first command above to a player name will stop it from working , because parameters that are inside the [ and ] will only work for @p , @a , and @r . so you cannot substitute the first command above to /tp &lt;player name&gt;[r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; . it just will not work . if you really want to use the r parameter on a single person , try using the above method that uses teams , but only put one person in the team . here is a quick way to do this . type these into the command console : and then in the command block , to teleport that person if they are in a radius of 2 , you could use : /tp @p[team=&lt;internal player name&gt;,r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt;  alternatively , you could just specify the name of the player in the selector . following the previous example , if you want to teleport a certain person if they are in a radius of 2 , you could use : /tp @p[name=&lt;player name&gt;,r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; 
after playing for a while , i am now under the impression that corkscrews are in fact placed completely randomly in the song . unlike other people who seem to only encounter them at intense moments of songs , i may have actually encountered more of them in the least intense moments of songs ( intro , outro ) , in addition to some others which seemed arbitrarily placed throughout tracks . however , given that on any given track , the corkscrews will always be in the same place , there must be some sort of operation going on that determines their placement , but i will be damned if i have a clue what it is . anyway , this was too long for a comment .
station an inquisitor/inquisitors in your city/cities and he will be unable to act . alternatively you should be able to surround the city with 6 workers/other non-combats ( triangle units ) and he will not be able to get close enough to use his ability . if he does successfully convert some citizens , you can use an inquisitor to remove his influence , but its preferable to block him by just stationing the inquisitor there . i do not believe any of those will cause a diplomatic hit . if one of them does , it would be using the inquisitor to remove influence after the gp is used on a city .
there is no hard-and-fast rule other than simply installing them both and seeing if it blows up . however , there are some tricks for guessing ahead of time . firstly , mods which use the same api/framework/loader ( e . g . modloader or minecraft forge ) are much more likely to be compatible with one another than non-framework mods . this is because those apis are created specifically to help prevent mods from conflicting with one another . ( however , it is still possible — even easy — to create conflicts . ) mods which use patchers are also somewhat more likely to be compatible with other mods if installed last . ( patchers work by replacing small bits of minecraft 's code rather than entire files . ) however , patchers are few and far between . the best rule-of-thumb indicator of whether two mods will conflict is to compare the list of .class files they contain . if there are no files which exist in both mods , chances are good that they will work just fine together . if there are one or more files which exist in both , however , there will very likely be a conflict . finally , you can check the mods ' documentation to see if they have notes about compatibility . sometimes , there will be special instructions for getting two mods to work together which otherwise conflict or descriptions of what functionality the conflict will break . ( e . g . toomanyitems and convenient inventory ; controlpack and optimine )
you need to check Enable Enemy Unit Selection , which is a new option unselected by default as of patch 2.0.4 . it is in options , under gameplay , the bottom-most checkbox on the right . this will allow you to select enemy and neutral units in the map . see screenshot : you may also be interested in changing some other new settings , see this thread on blizzard 's forums uncheck enable simple command card - will bring back the good ol ' command card with partrol , hold position , and all the other classic commands . uncheck select all larvae - will allow you to click on a single zerg larva , should you choose . check enable enemy unit selection - will allow you to select enemy units and structures . if you are a purist : uncheck enable starting worker rally - will allow you to assign your workers manually at the start of a match , just like in previous versions of the game . uncheck display experience points - will stop the xp points from popping up over kills and such while you are in a match . ( xp is still earned . ) uncheck always show worker status - will only display worker counters on " town halls " and vespene gas structures when cursor is hovering over it .
there are infinite nether fortresses in the nether . they spawn in rows every 200-400 blocks along the world 's north/south axis . once you find the first one , just keep walking north or south from it to find another .
the monster does not have to die from the bleed damage . if they are under the effects of exploding palm 's bleeding , they will explode when killed by any means .
yes , you can ! to do so , you need to " infuse " the ring via the mystic forge , a process which will provide the ring an inherent +5 agony resistance ( which means you can slot an infusion for a grand total of +10 ) . the recipe is : the ring to upgrade 1 shard of crystallized mists essence 3 glob of coagulated mists essence 5 vial of condensed mists essence alternatively , the wiki mentions that pre-infused rings can drop starting in tier 3 ( 20+ ) daily reward chests . currently , the maximum agony resistance is 45 , 10 each from an ascended back and ring ( x2 ) , and 5 each from ascended accessories and from an ascended amulet . ( these can not yet be infused )
if you travel far enough so that new terrain has to be generated then you should get some of the new features ( swamps , vines , ravines etc . ) in the newly created chunks . i would not like to say whether strongholds will be generated or not as their location appears to be related to distance from your spawn point .
to recharge a staff , go to your inventory , and select the staff . if you are on xbox you can press rb to recharge it with soul gems filled with souls . if you are playing on pc/ps3 , it'll say " press button to recharge " in the bottom of the screen .
i tend to play assassin-type characters often , so i can try to give some general advice while attempting to answer your questions . first , there is no such thing as an instant-death enchantment . you can deal massive damage , which might be very similar , but there is always a chance that you will run across something you can not kill with just one hit . that said , there is a number of things you can do to increase those chances to near 100% . in morrowind , i would suggest enchanting your bow with drain health + weakness to magicka as much as you can afford to . this is a potent combo that can significantly reduce enemy health , and drain health is a particularly cheap enchantment if it only lasts for a second ( which is optimal in this case ) . there is also a completely unpatched exploit that allows for infinitely powerful potions to be created . with this you can be effectively godlike , which means you can kill anything in one hit , regardless of sneak state . it is kind of cheesy , though . in oblivion , you can do something similar with drain health , although i tend to prefer using an elemental damage to go with it instead of the magicka weakness . there is a couple of suggestions on this uesp page for bow enchantments as well . if you do not mind a bit of save scumming , you can pretty easily walk away from a few oblivion gates with sigil stones capable of enchanting a set of armor with 100% chameleon - this makes you effectively invisible , and all attacks are sneak attacks . ( for bonus points , go piss off a guard and watch him run in circles trying to find you . . . ) in skyrim , there is not really a terribly overpowered enchanting combo , in my experience . however , you can get some massive damage multipliers for daggers , if you are willing to get in close . also , with enough sneak you can hit enemies with arrows , not get a complete kill , but yet not get detected . finally , there are many abilities and various alchemy recipes that yield a state of invisibility that keeps your sneak attacks flowing .
the game will automatically assign new skills to any empty slots in your hotkey menu . however , if you click on any of the skill slots in the bottom right , you can assign/unassign whichever attack/skill you want .
unfortunately , it is not possible . you can , like you said , opt out of notifications for specific things , but you can not delete notifications you have already received .
no before the cure for madness cicero is unkillable , as he is been designated as essential npc .
yes , channelled spells do cause the " gain life on hit " effect to proc . all abilities in the game have a coefficient which is applied to this effect . this coefficient is extremely low for channelled spells to offset the ability to hit several times per second , so each hit only heals a very small amount . yes , it can be useful still , but no more so than normal casts ; the fact you are hitting constantly will not make you overpowered .
the information along with pictures of each board are available on the arcade otaku wiki on the beginners guide to snk neo geo mvs page . the model numbers are built up as follows ; MV - 1 F | `-&gt; Board revision number `-&gt; Number of slots on the board  here are pictures of each of the boards : mv-1 mv-1a and mv-1ax you can tell the mv-1a and mv-1ax apart by the fact that the mv-1a has a socketed bios chip and the mv-1ax does not ( it is soldered to the board ) . mv-1b mv-1c mv-1f mv-1fz mv-2f mv-4f mv-2fs mv-6f additionally , the mv-1a and mv-1fz have a socketed bios , so the bios chip can be removed easily from the board . the mv1 and mv1f also have stereo sound by default ( although it is possible to mod this onto other boards ) so the connectors for sound will cater for this .
i am not a professional pantheon player but here is what i have found : first off you got it right by coordinating with your teammates cc , and getting rid of all of their escape is typically good ( unlessy you are talking about abilities in which case they just have to wait a few seconds and do it again ) it usually works better when the teams are engaged too because then you give your opponent the tough choice of either finishing the engage but taking damage from your ult and facing a pantheon , or running away and taking free damage as they run . another one is locking them in , which requires teammates that can take them on if they would rather avoid your ult than run through it . example would be a low health mid laner and your mid lane is chasing , jumping in front of the path that the opponent is running will cut them off leaving them to either run back and die or die to you . i am asuming that when you used it to chase someone who is escaping and failed it was primarily because you were in a 1v1 scenario , but even if your damage does not go off forcing your opponent to make tough decisions like those are what really makes the difference . if the target has a way to get out without any penalty do not use it , simple as that . also typically you want to be away from a team fight when you use ult so that it does not get canceled . even if the enemy team did not have any way of canceling your ult , you may be better off saving it and doing even more damage with your other abilities and auto attacking : remember pantheons ult takes time , and time is damage . id say another trick understanding his ult is typically you are not trying to get kills with it alone . yes there are times where there are close team fights and a pantheon ult will kill one or two of them , but those are the obvious ones , most of the time you will be coordinating it with teammates to take down a few escaping opponents or protect your dying teammates from a losing team fight byt intimidating them . do not dive teams , and do not dive turrets ( often ) , try to focus on " does this help your team get more damage off to win a fight and/or get an objective " rather than " will i get a kill or will i die " . hope this was the answer you were looking for ! p.s. another step ahead of this would be to ask is panths ult even really useful ? as i have explained most of the time you give your opponent the choice in most senarios . granted this sometimes leaves them with a lose lose choice but if they have the choice then they have the opportunity to gain an advantage if they make the right choice . it is all about thinking ahead and making sure that does not happen and not wasting your ult unless you know for certain it will work for the benefit of the team .
there is a known glitch where goo puddles never disappear , it is possible this is the reason why you never see them despawn . most areas stay the way you left it for about 72 in-game hours . there are some exceptions , as noted on this forum post . generally it seems that outside areas that have random encounters respawn , whereas inside areas do not . have a look at this power leveling guide - it provides a list of many areas where enemies respawn . if you want enemies to respawn quickly , you will need to sleep or wait for 72 hours in-game .
buy an exploration frigate ( heron , probe , magnate and imicus ) and start scanning down sites in high-sec . while they are not very good at combat , relic and data sites no longer have any enemy npcs in them , so you do not need any combat capabilites . and in the very beginning , the bonus to scanning should be very helpful when your scanning skills are still low and you do not have much experience with scanning . later on you should be able to scan high-sec sites in a ship without a scanning bonus . you probably can not run any ded complexes in an exploration frigate , but you should be able to run the data and relic sites easily . i would recommend to learn scanning with an exploration frigate , and if you find a site that is too difficult you can reship to a combat ship . once you are comfortable scanning and want to continue it , you probably want to change to either a combat ship , a sisters of eve ship like the stratios or a t3 cruiser . but for the beginning you should just try it out and scan some sites , and do not be too disappointed if you only find wormholes in the beginning ( do not go through them ) .
either do one of two things : establish a beachhead by conquering one of his cities and use it as a base to begin bombing others . research and build an aircraft carrier and use it as a mobile base ( of doom ) to launch air strikes .
the biomes are randomly distributed . given the exact seed though , you can always reproduce the same world and biomes layout . third-part tools can exploit this fact to show you the biomes for any place in a world , whether it actually exists in your save yet or not . amidst is one tool that can do this for you .
( cobbled together from torhead , the swtor forums , dulfy .net, and personal experience ; ordered by quality/how you can get them . ) standard green items . requires low-level artifice to craft ( items at level 7 and above ) ; found in standard weapons . red blue green yellow ( jedi quest lovers and secrets reward for protecting the couple , low-level artifice ) prototype blue items . all the above orange ( first drops are level 31 ; artifice-craftable beginning with level 47 ) artifact purple items . all the above ( orange level 50 schematics drop from the primal destroyer world boss on belsavis ) magenta , aka " light red " ( must be crafted ; not to be confused with purple ) black-orange ( direct from pvp vendor and also drops from operations ; can be re'd for schematic ) black-purple ( direct from pvp vendor and also drops from operations ; can be re'd for schematic ) pvp cyan , aka " light blue " ( pve versions found in operations ; can be re'd for schematic and expertise schematic also drops from grade 6 pvp crafting boxes ) purple ( pve versions found in operations ; can be re'd for schematic and expertise schematic also drops from grade 6 pvp crafting boxes ) black-red ( direct from pvp vendor and found in operations ; can be re'd for schematic ) black-blue ( direct from pvp vendor and found in operations ; can be re'd for schematic ) special razer black/green ( for buying a razer swtor peripheral ) white ( world boss drop during beta ; sold on the fleets prior to patch 1.2 ; now drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) pink-purple ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) cyan-blue ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) orange-red ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) lime-green ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) derelict-purple ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) white-black ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) silver-blue ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) mint-green ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) copper ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) charred orange ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) hot orange ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) yellow blue ( drops from cartel packs and can be sold on the gtn ) orange-yellow ( sold individually in the cartel market and can be traded ) discontinued these are still in the game but can no longer be acquired if you do not have them already : black-yellow ( for pre-ordering the game ) black-green 1 ( rakghoul outbreak world event rewards . this is a different color than the razer black/green , see this image ) 1 the black/green crystal is bind on equip and can still be sold on the gtn if the owner has not used it , so technically you can still get one . unavailable these are part of the game assets but have not been made generally available : black-cyan
i think you are talking about the room with the red-and-white diamond barrel in act 2 where you have to get the barrel low enough in order to progress to the next area . what i thought you needed to do was to jump up and down and time it properly in order to push the barrel down low enough . this is the wrong method ! what you need to do is merely alternate pressing up and down on the directional pad in order to get the barrel to move , no jumping required . you can see a youtube video of this process here : do not feel alone ! pretty much everyone i talked to made this mistake as a young gamer . i never completed it either . i did get past the barrel twice i think , but by then i would come so close to the 10 minute mark that i ran out of time before the end of the level . i did not find out how to do this until talking with some friends a couple years ago . the answer eluded me for well over 10 years .
i do not know of any way to access this . i did a quick search hoping that there would be results on some type of combat log ( similar to wow , which shows stats on damage , status change , and xp ) but from my search , i did not see anything come up . a combat log may be a feature we see in the future .
make an army , which means dogs , fetish and that big dude , use vision quest , combined with zombie bears , and spirit walk with more duration . while getting an army that wil strike the immune foes you will have 3 cooldown , use zombie wall or grasp of hands to slow the immune foes . the you will get 4 cooldowns . use spirit walk and attack the boss with full load of bears , you can also do the same but instead of using spirit walk at the bigning , attack the boss untill it unjured , then use spirit walk and countinue attacking . for boosting this mathod u can use big bad voodo
a bit lackluster unfortunately . you can not flash or provide movement input ( lantern ) while in the air with most abilities - scenario 1 and 2 are usually impossible . tristana however is able to do this . if she flashes , she will immediately move to the flash 's target location . neither the original target nor the flash target will have impact damage dealt . i was unable to test thresh 's lantern , but if you can find a more patient thresh you will probably experience results similar to flash . most resetting abilities are not immediate either , but tristana 's is . if you jump - kill - jump , she will immediately hit the ground at her present location and then jump to the new target .
this is probably a bug . it may be related to one of the following links . ( thanks @jonathan drapeau ) http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=465974 http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=465889
assuming it is the same as the information i found ( and i would be surprised if it was not ) for the dsi and the wii , one block is 128kb of data .
you can not , ea/dice took this feature out for some reason . the extra slots on the battlelog are your other soldiers on consoles . if you are already playing on a console you can just set up a new account . the online pass seems to work in a per console manner ( whether or not this was intended ) . this will only likely be beneficial on ps3 though since setting a new account up on xbox live will cost you . source
as of the patch that rebalanced armor , weapons , and enemy difficulty , this fight has become much easier . i completed it easily with one or two bandages , copper armor , an iron bow , and an iron melee weapon . the summoned penguins all died in one to two shots of my hunting knife . after that i just needed to keep firing arrows at the mothership and occasionally dodge its blast . even if i got hit , bandages could easily keep up with the damage . i am pretty sure you do not even need to bother with copper armor to beat this in its current state . unless you are absolutely terrible at combat , you probably need only the following to take out this boss : an iron weapon such as the hunting knife ( 10 iron bars , 30 pixels ) , to dispatch penguin enemies quickly . the iron bow ( 15 iron bars , 150 pixels , and your previous hunting bow ) to shoot at the mothership . you could probably do it with the normal hunting bow too , but why make the fight more tedious on yourself ? bandages ( 4 plant fibre each ) . 10 should be plenty , but if you want to be sure , just stock up on a bunch . a basic shield ( 10 wood planks , 10 iron bars , 20 pixels ) is by no means necessary , but binding it to the right mouse button can be handy so that you can block while bandaging yourself . you can use bandages while blocking , which means you can basically back yourself into a corner and become immune to damage ( or at least take greatly reduced damage ) while you heal . total resource cost to prepare for this fight ( assuming you have already crafted everything along the quest line to get the ship to appear ) : 35 iron bars , 10 wood planks , 200 pixels , and 40+ plant fibres . if you have got the copper handy and want to make yourself some copper armor , knock yourself out . i do not think you will need it though . and if , like me , you had a ton of silver sitting around too , keep in mind that after this fight , you will probably just be upgrading straight to silver armor anyway , since it unlocks soon after .
the full list of mob attributes ( including horse-specific attributes ) can be found on the wiki . for your particular example , you need ' variant ' and ' health ' , e.g. : {variant:515 , health:28 , attributes : [ {name:generic . maxhealth , base:28} ] , tame:1 , saddle:true} health is current number of half-hearts . the maxhealth attribute is the max number of half-hearts . variant is calculated as base-color-id + markings-id * 256 , that is , 515 = 2 * 256 + 3 means base-color-id = 3 and markings-id = 2
this will affect some of the dialogs in mass effect 3 , but you will not have any side quest mission based on your background ( contrary to the first mass effect ) . for instance if you are a spacer , which means your mum is alive , and you talk to her in the previous one , you will worry about her a different point in the game , and learn from hackett , that she is in a ' safely ' keeping the crucible . other exemple if shepard was sole survivor background , there might be some references to akuze and the thresher maw , mainly on the tuchunka main mission .
seth is the name of the final boss of street fighter iv .
yes . ever since ruby and sapphire , if you knock out or flee from a legendary pokémon or ( starting in hgss ) a fixed-location pokémon like r36 's sudowoodo , the pokémon will reappear after the next time you defeat the elite four and champion ; if you defeat them again , they will reappear again after you enter the hall of fame once more , and so on until you finally capture them . in the case of the swords of justice ( cobalion , terrakion , and virizion ) in b2w2 , according to bulbapedia , they all reappear in the same location at a higher level : while they are all level 45 the first time you encounter them , if you do not catch them the first time , they go up to level 65 .
when selecting a quest , in the bottom left you select the difficulty .
i get the same thing but mine are blackish/purplish i think it has something to do with the gpu which cause the certain spots on the water effect to glitch up . so it can be categorized as a bug : ) nothing major to worry about .
spoting the real phantom lancer is a pain . good phantom lancer will not often show during push and let their illusions do the work . same goes in teamfight , once the army of illusion is here , they tend to dopplewalk away and wait for a good opportunity to show again . if an illusion army is pushing a lane , he might be jungling on a near neutral camp . spot pl in a teamfight my first advice is use dust as soon as the fight start , this way if he goes invisible you will notice him rightaway . carry dust on several player in case he uses diffusal blade on himself to purge the first dust . spot pl before a gank if you want to spot him before a gank ( or spot the real one on the map if visible ) you have some possibilities : he takes less damage than illusions he deals more damage than illusions he benefits from some items when illusions do not : if he has a vanguard or a heart of tarrasque , he will have life regen ( this require some practice but the vanguard ( or ring of health ) regen can be spotted by the naked eye ) . if he has a vladirmir 's offering , he will be the only phantom lancer to lifesteal on attack ( the animation of lifesteal is still there on the illusions but they actually do not lifesteal ) . if he throws a lance you can try to see which lance deals the damage ( quite hard to do ) if you are lucky he will level up thus becoming the obvious target things to remember my best advice against a phantom lancer army is to : dust > massive aoe > spot the real one ( the one who took less damage ) . this will work in most situations , then it is up to you to focus correctly . always carry dust , sentries and if you can affrod it , a gem . pl tend too often to dopplewalk when they feel insecure . detecting invisibles units after baiting a dopplewlak is the easiest way to find the real one . shut down a pl prevent him from farming . come in his lane as early as you can to harass him . take down the outer tower as soon as you can . pl tend to farm tranquil boots > ring of aquila > diffusal blade whereas other carries will tend to farm farming items first ( battle fury on void/magina , midas on alchemist etc . ) . this means that phantom lancer is shut down early on , he will not be able to catch up as other carries can . and remember no matter how much ahead you think you are , a good pl can win the game by himself .
beyond gold , silver , crystal , and the modern remakes , heartgold and soulsilver , none of the flagship pokemon games have ever spanned more than one region ( though several have included isolated islands or otherwise remote areas ) . so " as far as we know " , only the johto and kanto regions are confirmed to be nearby ( and are , in fact , adjacent ) . as mentioned in bulbapedia , however , the first four generations are all analogous to real-life parts of japan , while the fifth generation maps to the new york metropolitan area , and kalos ( 6th and current gen ) maps to real-world france . i would not go so far as to say that the previous regions are completely ignored ( oak , at least , has made it to hoenn on more than one occasion ) , but beyond the previously mentioned exceptions ( and monsterous residents , which feature previous generation pokemon in their " national dex" ) , each region is pretty much distinct .
as of beta 1.7 , tnt can only be detonated by fire , redstone , and explosions , making this answer obsolete — recover your tnt as you would any other block . for beta 1.6 and lower : put some water on top of your tnt block . when tnt explodes under water , it does not deals damages to other blocs . even better , it does not activate other tnt blocks . careful though , the explosion still hurts you . ; )
blizzard had posted this post which mentions that the initial installers had a bug . the post mentions : obtain the new diablo iii digital downloader using the links below eu english installer - windows eu english installer - mac german installer - windows german installer - mac point the download save at the same directory as before . the folder in question is your main game data folder . if you have the game downloaded to D:\Games\Diablo-III-8370-enGB-Installer , please point the download to D:\Games\ . do not use the automatically generated folder containing the installation files ( i.e. . do not use the directory d:\games\diablo-iii-8370-engb-installer as this is the one created by the downloader ) . if you chose the correct directory only 50mb will need to be downloaded to fix your install , otherwise you will re-download the entire ~7.6gb also , it is absolutely imperative that you download the same language and region client that you used to download the game after pre-ordering . in my case , i had downloaded the en-gb version of installer and game after pre-ordering . however , today while downloading the new installer , blizzard offered me the us version of the installer and because of this mismatch , it was downloading the whole game again . after grabbing the en-gb ( aka eu ) install client , it was able to detect my previous download .
no . they used to have a debug file which you could access to track progress towards achievements , but it is gone now , so you had have to track it yourself .
no , not in any uncertain terms . ron gilbert could work in espionage as his secret-keeping skills are first rate . i am sure you must realize that explaining the ending to monkey island 2 is a question with as many answers as people who have played the game to the end . the " cannon " ( at least as far as all subsequent monkey island games are concerned ) ending of monkey island 2 explained in monkey island 3 states that it was a hallucination . but the designers of mi3 had no insight into the original intentions of the end of mi2 as ron gilbert was not a part of that project and his original intentions were not shared . because of this , many players have picked at the inconsistencies in the mi3 explanation as you do and consider the explanation provided in mi3 not to be cannon to ron gilbert 's original vision which he seems intent to never reveal . ron gilbert never explained what the secret of monkey island is either . from the many interviews and ambiguous answers , it is rather clear that ron gilbert likes his secrets and may have no intention of ever clearing up any of this conundrum . he mentioned that he considered giving it to his lawyer to be read upon his death , but that this may lead to his untimely demise by a crazed fan desperate to know the secret . is any of it real ? is it the fantasy of a boy in an amusement park ? what is the secret of monkey island ? we may never know . the wikipedia article has some good references and insight , citing several interviews with ron gilbert . apparently ron gilbert intended a trilogy so the ending of mi2 may not have been meant to have the finality it almost implies if you take guybrush 's experiences at the end literally . one stronger theory linked from the wikipedia article suggests that when lechuck first curses guybrush after he falls down the hole , he does transport him to a parallel universe of hell and guybrush 's understanding of the world is shattered . but it could even be as simple as something like when falling down the hole or upon the landing , guybrush hit his head and everything after that was a concussion-induced hallucination . any explanation that dismisses guybrush 's experiences at the end as being a hallucination is likely not going to please fans and so that is probably why it is for the better that it stays a secret . the best part of the ending in my opinion is that it is somewhat open-ended and allows players ' imaginations to run wild and question the reality within the monkey island fiction . it is sort of surreal to be considering the " reality " within a fiction . personally , i feel that the scene with elaine after the end makes it pretty clear what is what , but that is just my personal opinion . either way , the game is a masterpiece . i am not sure if ron gilbert was making a joke , but on his blog , it read , " when @grumpygamer gets 1,000,000 followers , i will make another monkey island . " if that is true and someone 's motivated enough to find out the truth of the monkey island mysteries , then it would seem some advertising of his twitter feed would be in order . fyi , twitter has about 360,000,000+ registered users , of whom about 140,000,000 or so are believed to be active so you do not even need 1% of all twitter users to follow him - easy , right ?
it is not exactly a " wait " , but if the town you are in has an inn or a purchasable house , you can use a bed to " sleep " for a certain number of hours . bonus : sleeping will restore you to full health to boot !
to answer the first question : can i make a profit by salvaging items for their components , then using said components to smith my own items ? you can . early in the game , you can not really make enough profit doing this to make it worth the trouble ( unless you are just super ocd about wringing every little bit of gold out of every transaction ) , but eventually--especially once you max out your blacksmithing--it seems the items you can craft can be worth a fair bit more than the originals that you salvage . here are the results of a quick and dirty test i just did comparing prices of a looted fine azurite greatsword --> mastercrafted azurite greatsword and a looted crude sylvanite greatsword --> mastercrafted sylvanite greatsword . note that i am level 22 with maxed blacksmithing skill and 1 point in mercantile . first let 's start with some base numbers--sale prices of the original items and the base components in play : for the fine azurite greatsword , i salvaged and reloaded until i got the primary and secondary components needed to craft a new sword--the blade and the hilt . it took 16 salvage attempts to get both , but 4 of those times i got the blade and an optional component ( simple bindings or basic grip ) , and 1 time i got the blade plus both optional components . for the crude sylvanite greatsword , on my second salvage attempt i got the large sylvanite blade , the hilt , and bindings . good enough for me . because my blacksmithing is maxed , all items i craft are " mastercrafted " items , which means they get an additional effect that varies depending on the type of item . azurite greatswords seem to get +3% damage , and sylvanite greatswords get +6% damage . it appears that mastercrafted items are always at least green , even if you just use two components ( primary and secondary ) to craft them . i compared prices i could fetch for both types of swords when i used just 2 components , then 3 components , then all 4 ( i never attempted adding a gem ) . all components except the blades were the most basic possible ( crude hilt , simple bindings , and basic grip ) . here are the results : what is interesting is that the effects of the additional components on the sale price seem to multiply it by a factor of ~1.07 with each addition rather than simply adding the value of the base components . so it seems like it might be worth it to salvage lots of the junk you get early in the game just to get the basic secondary/optional components to keep and use later on to pimp out stuff you craft for sale--especially considering that , e.g. , the crappy iron gear is worth &lt ; 100 gold early in the game , but the parts you salvage can increase the worth of sylvanite and prismere gear ( i am guessing ) by much more than that . also , i should note that the 2 optional components for greatswords both have the same effect--+5 health . it is likely that value of the crafted item is calculated based on the stats of the crafted item rather than the value of the components that go into the item , so using different components will certainly give you different final values . i just used the basic components so as not to introduce too many variables . now--i wish , for this test , that i would had a crude azurite greatsword and a fine sylvanite greatsword to compare as well just to see for sure how much difference in the original sale price crude vs . fine makes and if the difference becomes more , less , or equally pronounced with higher quality raw materials . obviously salvaging crude and fine gives you a chance to salvage the exact same components--the only difference is the stats/price of the original items ( so you make a bigger profit off salvaging crude items as compared to fine ) .
currently , there are two school of thoughts on the demon hunter build : sustained dps crit hit damage ( this is the build i use ) sustained dps uses a bow with high attack speed prefers gear with ias , dex , crit chance , crit damage ( in that order ) . stands their ground more ( i.e. . less reliance on smoke screen , more on shadow power and damage reduction ) . uses base dps as comparison value more suited to group play with a tank . crit hit damage prefers a crossbow ( socketed one with high quality emerald if possible ) uses sharpshooter uses gear with crit damage , dex , ias , crit chance ( in that order ) . play style is more of a hit and run and caltrops spamming build . uses 100% crit dps as comparison value more suited to solo play . these two playstyles are rather different , and that is why their preferred dps comparison methods are different . for instance , my demon hunter has 150k dps with 100% sharpshooter , but only 50k dps without sharpshooter , so in a straight up constant shooting scenario ( assuming there is a tank who is got all the aggro ) , i will lose out to a sustained dps dh with similar quality gear , but in hit and run situations ( i.e. . solo play ) i will out damage them by a lot .
i am surprised nobody else has said it yet but , blackreach ! the area of the dwarven ruins alfrand with the crazy giant glowing mushrooms . the main quest line brings you here to get the elder scroll . there are a million dwarven machines that drop them , the falmer carry them sometimes , and finally , and the best part , you can mine them . bring your pickaxe . look for " geode veins . " i have not seen it mentioned anywhere else but a geode vein is where soul gems come from . you mine it like just like iron or ebony ore . i suggest using a weapon enchanted with soul trap also because every falmer you kill will go right into filling an empty gem . when i got done i had about 60 or so filled soul gems and leveled from enchanting 50 to 100 with the one trip ! do the quest to find 30 crimson ninroots while you are at it and you will run into all the geode veins .
your own locust swarm will not stack , in the same way that a wizard cannot stack their blizzard ability . in your first instance where you hit the same mob multiple times , all you will do is refresh your stack , overwriting the old one with the full duration of the debuff from the new one , but without stacking the daamge . in your second instance , you hit a mob with ls , ls spreads , you then hit the mob it spread to manually with ls . in this instance the second mob will have their ls debuff refreshed . in the third instance , multiple of the same class can stack their abilities together but the stacking of some effects is limited . in the case of locust swarm , it can be applied once by each witch doctor in the group to each mob , following the same rules as above . edit : more information on the stacking of damage over time in diablo 3 is available half way down this post : " damage over time effects do not stack in diablo 3 . everytime you use the same dot on the same target you do only reset the timer to the maximum duration . this does prevent extreme damage numbers from long time dots . the dot effects are balanced to make good damage over a longer time allowing you different actions in the mean time . they have the best damage to cast time ratio . "
you right click on the item you wish to identify .
the more people like you , the more willing they are to let you " borrow " their stuff ( and sell it back to them , in many cases ) . the higher their disposition ( there are 4 ranks ) , the greater the value of items they are okay with allowing you to take .
if you complete the restore the thieves guild to its former glory quests , all the fences will have 4000 gold to barter with . you can further boost this via investing and the speech perk for a total of 5500 per fence .
is it considered “cheating” to use player levitation ? i doubt it , it is just another a way of tuning the game 's difficulty . . . . it seems like turning this option on would make puzzles considerably easier . it definitely can make many puzzles easier , grabbing the hardest of the hard-to-reach orbs being a prime example ( why solve a puzzle when you can just levitate your friend up there , etc ) . this is especially true if you are playing unlimited , because in this case player 1 can levitate player 2 and 3 over a gap , then player 2 can switch to amadeus and levitate player 1 over too - then everyone is safe - instead of puzzling out how to solve the puzzle so the three characters can each individually pass . while this might be too ' easy ' for some people , at other times it is what is needed - for example , this combination of settings is perfect when i am playing the game with my daughter . however , every public game i have played has had player levitation turned on to friend . i believe the reason you probably see this is because it was the default when the game was released , with the option to change this setting only being added in a later patch . also , it is probably more of a pain to have to communicate these things to other random people in public games , so simplifying things slightly is going to be a welcome addition to many players . were we just making it too hard on ourselves ? did you finished the game and have fun doing so ? if so , then it sounds like it might have been the right amount of hard for you group .
in this case it sounds like your play style is off because your build may be off . it is important to remember how you build , you are not going to beat a ranged carry in pure ranged dps battle . honestly you should use your range skills quickly and drop in as hammer form as you gain mana per hit and armor and mr passively while in it . since this is mostly a late game thing i will give you an idea on how your build should look in the end . trinity force : self explanatory , sheen proc works wonders with all your abilities and on hits , mana is vital to you , hp , ad , slow for the rare moments one of your slows are down , movement speed off zeal gives a fairly high movement speed even when off your stance switch ghost heart of gold/randuins omen : more hp to put on top of the trinity force , the gp5 for heart of gold early adds up especially if you grab a philo early on ( you should jayce ate some mana cost nerfs so he is hungry for mana ) . the randuins cripples the enemy team once you jump in with the hammer and the armor ensures physicals will not just eat you . merc treads : must have , need the mr to round out the build and the tenacity for when you jump in is vital banshee veil : i have removed maw and swapped for this after some gold efficiency charts and general theorycrafting . the flat health all the time is better than the shield on the basis it takes all damage . the mr is higher and the mana gives you more room to spam and fight in team fights . it also makes you virtually impossible to initiate on and most of the aoe damage you take in a fight is from magic . the damage loss is negligible on the basis you might actually survive the team fight . last whisper : absolute must have , for pure physical damage nothing trumps last whisper especially end game . at 30 armor on the enemy is does more damage than an unstacked bloodthirster and at 103 it does more than a fully stacked bloodthirster and it is cheaper . you may want this before maw , if so , grab a hexdrinker for the mr , ad and shield and go straight for this . completely up to you : this last item slot is for whatever you need to counter the opposing team . need to survive poke ? force of nature . want to sponge more damage and go in earlier ? warmogs . need more damage ? black cleaver/ie/bloodthirster this is by no means a build order , you may only want sheen early and then rush randuins . this is a final build idea . remember a massive portion of your damage is your skills and only half are actually affected by ad so building tanky early on can let you still hurt . as jayce you are the most dynamic character on the field and you need a firm grasp as to what your team needs from you . if they need a damage sponge early on in engages , you need to build for that . if they have got a nasty nocturne eating your ad carry , you sit by that ad carry until noc arrives and you knock him away with your hammer and leap onto him afterwards . you have got an initiate ? you throw your gate down and shoot your q into them and hammer leap in while popping randuins and eat their ad carry . do not forgot that your hammer stance gives you mana on hit and armor and mr passively while in it . for most engages you will want to start in ranged mode , land a quick gate followed by q as well as a sheen proc and the on hit mr/ar reduction from the ranged swap and then leap in on a squishy or keep a tanky dps off your ad carry with your hammer stance and the cc from it . i highly suggest smart casting with jayce otherwise it takes too long to use all these abilities and then join the fray , cause otherwise your tank/other tanky dps will die . if you notice this build leans heavily towards being a tanky dps , the reason for this is because his damage can all be put out in a fast barrage and then you can quickly close the distance afterwards . as far as being a ranged carry , jayce has one of the lowest attack ranges and no steroids besides a fast three shot . his dps is not so great honestly . he is more of a tanky dps that can attack from range . do not forgot about his ranged skills as you need to jump between using all of his abilities all the time , do not just aa unless you are nothing but cooldowns or are oom .
so , i looked as the link and here is what i saw : idra selects all drones ( by boxing ) idra sends drones past mineral line , then to a specific patch idra selects 3 drones idra sends those drones to a second patch idra selects 2 drones idra sends them to a third patch let 's see it in slow mo : its in 2 seconds he has split his drones in groups of 2 . its beautiful , like watching ballet
did you perhaps have boone travelling with you ? if boone is your current active companion , the legion will always be hostile to you , because boone will shoot them on sight , and they tend to return the favor .
is the challenge only awarded the first time you encounter smash head during the quest to find the goliath 's lost loot crate ? no , you can get this challenge at a later date . i just accomplished this with my commando by going back to my normal mode playthrough with level 41 weapons and quickly killed smash-head before his minions were able to come after me .
from what i have heard and experienced , your followers are predetermined to wear a specific kind of armor . for example , if i give lydia light armor , she will not wear it , even if she has nothing else equipped because she is preset for heavy armor only . i did experience a similar issue with lydia , though minus the nudity . i tried to give her a light armor helm . i would see her wearing it right after i equipped her with it , but after a couple of fights , it was gone . the item was still in her inventory but she simply refused to wear it . i believe this is because the light helm does not meet her armor requirements . in your case , regular clothing would not fit your housecarls preset armor specifications so they are simply unable to keep these items equipped . that said , i do not think there is anything you can do short of using the console to force her to wear it .
with the exception of the bunker , you can not . the bunker has a salvage ( v by default ) command ; you must empty it of troops first .
no . as far as chaos is concerned , kills are kills , so long as it happens by your hand . ( now luring guards and weepers into conflicts with each other , that is fair game . )
medicine is an item that can heal sick villagers and cure bee stings . one dose is available from the " nookling stores t and t mart and up " every day for 400 bells . if stung , there will be a hive shaped wound on the right section of the players eye . the sting can be hidden with sunglasses . without the medicine , the sting will heal within a day . medicine can be used to cure the sting ; however , saving the game and restarting has exactly the same effect without the need to spend 400 bells . -http://animalcrossing.wikia.com/wiki/medicine so , save -> quit -> reload and it should be gone is the easiest way .
the system is mostly the same as it was in borderlands 1: beating playthrough one does nothing except unlock playthrough two ( "true vault hunter mode" ) , beating playthrough 2 scales enemies and rewards to your level , unlocking playthrough 3 ( if you are level 50 , i believe ) . playthrough 3 is new and scales to your level from the start . true vault hunter mode ( playthrough 2-2.5 ) playthrough 2 is unlocked simply by beating playthrough 1 , and is identical to playthrough 1 until completion except with higher level requirements , higher level enemies and generally harder enemies . once you beat playthrough two , enemies scale to within 3 levels of you ; some weak enemies ( like skag pups ) may be level 48 , most enemies will be level 49-51 , bosses will often be level 52 , and occasionally enemies will even be 53 . this is known as " playthrough 2.5" as it was in borderlands 1 . loot scales to within a couple levels ; most drops will be level 49 or 50 . quest rewards scale to your level too ; this is why it is important not to start certain side quests until playthrough 2.5 , otherwise you will miss out on the highest level rewards . side quests scale to when you start the mission so do not take them too early , if you want a level 50 reward , wait until you have finished the main quest . of course if the reward is green , you can go ahead and do it because the reward is junk anyway . note , without the uvhm dlc that it is still important to cap out your level , not just get to playthrough 2.5 before getting rewards , but as of right now the max level without the uvhm dlc is still 50 , and it is hard not to be level 50 by the time you complete the second playthrough . ultimate vault hunter mode ( playthrough 3 ) as of a patch april 2013 , there is also now an ultimate vault hunter mode or playthrough 3 , which is scaled to your level and much harder . it is mostly explained in these patch notes and this explanation : ultimate vault hunter mode is unlocked for a character once they have completed the main story missions in true vault hunter mode and reached level 50 . unlike other playthroughs , ultimate vault hunter mode can be replayed multiple times with players able to reset their overall mission progress at any time from the main menu . no more tutorial missions -- characters in ultimate vault hunter mode begin in southern shelf with the " cleaning up the berg " mission . while playing in ultimate vault hunter mode , enemies and bosses will scale according to the player 's current level or , if playing with others , the highest-level player in that party . -gameplay changes in uvhm : enemy health generally increased 4x . enemies now have a moderate amount of health regeneration . increased duration of slag damage multiplier effect . upped the damage that slagged enemies take from 2x to 3x . weapon swap speed increased to better facilitate slag use . enemies now more likely to drop ammo . loot midgets are now " legendary loot midgets " that can drop legendary and other top-tier gear . powerful new “ancient” e-tech relics and rare pearlscent-grade weapons can be picked up in ultimate vault hunter mode . generally speaking , enemies are harder , have much more health , slag is much more effective , rare drops are increased and certain new e-tech relics and pearlescent ( cyan colored ) equips are avalible only in uvhm . the e-tech relics and pearlescents are only availible in uvhm for people with the ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack ( $5 dlc , included for free with the season pass ) . note that due to the increased difficulty and increased efficacy of slag , uvhm is particularly suited to co-op play . just like in " raid " boss fights , a siren with res is always useful . to my knowledge there is no " playthrough 3.5" since the " . 5" was always about enemies/loot that scale to your level . playthrough 3 scales from the start so there is no extra post-playthrough for scaling .
yes , they do . i got the achievement for beating isaac with isaac after doing it in a challenge .
it is the same . all dropped items disappear after 5 minutes . the best way to gather the loot from mob traps is simply to stand in the collection point for a while . you can open your inventory so the game does not pause if you leave it and go do something else .
you need to unlock the happy home academy ( which will be inside nook 's homes ) in order to access streetpass features . this is where people and their houses will appear . to unlock this , you need to pay off your 10,000 bell down payment ( when you end up with a house instead of a tent ) to tom nook . once you get a house , the happy home academy will be open , and this is where you can see the houses and such of people you have met over streetpass .
upon playing further , tolir took until the ripe old age of 77 to pass . hrane ( now 48 ) has returned to claim the throne of norway , along with a pleasant surprise : hrane now has a nice starting prestige of 279 ( +200 ) and a bump of the royal coffers by 200 as well . be aware , i was prompted that being a member of the varangian guard is dangerous , so i am assuming that members are more likely to die than if they were sitting in a court . however , if you have more than one valid heir ( even a chaste-craven-homosexual backup ) , i would recommend sending your sons to the guard if they ask . yes , you should let your sons join the varangian guard . if they return safely , they bring +200 gold/ prestige when they return for their claims and the " varangian " trait ( +2 martial , +1 diplomacy ) .
according to the prima guide for the game , while you can build more bridges for the town , there is not a public work that allows for more beach ramps .
by snooping around a bit , i have stumbled across the xim . while i would not normally buy into taglines on a product 's site ( the xim declaring itself to be " the highest precision xbox 360 mouse and keyboard gaming adapter in existence" ) , i did get there after coming across this amazingly elaborate guide . the guide explains how to build your very own xim ( this seems like a rather complex process , and one of the building blocks is actually an xcm xfps ) , and explains what makes it such an accurate keyboard/mouse adapter . the guide seems to have been written rather passionately , which certainly lends to the credibility of its claims . the guide is from 2008 , so i imagine modern xims are even better than the one it shows how to build ( assuming the instructions are still viable ) .
you can make a very strong case that for the majority of users buying gear from the ah will put you further ahead as opposed to levelling up the blacksmith . however , this relies on the prices in the auction house remaining low . this should be a safe , long term assumption as the supply should outpace the demand assuming people resell items they purchase . the best gear that the blacksmith produces is certainly being hoarded by those who have invested the time and effort to generate it or will be offered for sale at an enormous price . in the short term , yes , you can do better in the ah under the current economy . in the long term , dependant very strongly on your luck in crafting equipment with the stats you are hoping for , the blacksmith may become your better source of equipment as the best legendary items will almost certainly be absurdly priced . crafting equipment has always entailed some risk . in diablo 2 , the best players would hoard perfect rubies to try to create " blood " gear ( items with strong life leech ) . if your build calls for such a piece then it may be the small advantage you need to start succeeding in inferno . many will not want to do this but will benefit from the few who are doing it . if they are looking for dex gloves and you want int , their failures are your opportunity to buy .
i have successfully blocked a teleportation before with the use of two ion blasts combined with the weapon pre-igniter augmentation . pause as soon as the fight begins , then direct both ion blasts at the teleporters . the first ion blast disables the shields , while the second disables the teleporter system .
while it will take effort , it will always be possible to reunite with your me1 romance . in that sense , ' cheating ' does not limit your options in any way . however you will need to overcome an additional obstacle to your relationship . you can also enter a relationship with either of the me1 survivors in your squad regardless of whether you had done so previously . where your romance choice in me2 does limit you is in the carryover options . specifically , you cannot initiate a romance with any of the me2 romantic carryovers . unless you initiated it in me2 ( in which case it will carry over ) , you will be unable to enter a relationship with tali , garrus , or miranda .
conrad verner makes an appearance on the citadel , coming up to shepard after you assist a doctor with his medi-gel station problem in the refugee camp . after you both exchange a few words , he will somewhat inexplicably shout at a supposed cerberus agent who will in turn fire upon shepard . verner will then play the hero , jumping to take the bullet for shepard in what to me seemed so awkwardly choreographed that originally i had thought he had set the whole thing up . however , it is a real threat , and he will die . unless you helped save jenna from chora 's den in mass effect 1 , that is . if you did , she will be there to interfere with the agent 's gun , causing it to not actually shoot anything . conrad will then realize that he is alright , and he will leave shepard alone to go use his legitimately gained life-saver status to try and pick up jenna .
all buildings in puppeted cities contribute towards your civilization . so money-making buildings , for example , add money to your civilizations . wonders share this behavior , and you will get that +1 culture from the oracle . notice that when a city is conquered , each building has a chance of being destroyed ; in particular , all defensive buildings ( such as walls ) and all culture buildings ( such as monuments ) are destroyed . wonders , however , do not get destroyed and remain in that city ( with the exception of national wonders ) .
you need to power a block next to the repeater or create a direct input . to fix that you either need redstone torches or repeaters : t==== rrrr pppp  or t==== tttt pppp  or t==== bbbbb &lt;redstone on top of the blocks pppp t &lt;t=torch and redstone pb &lt;from the side  the exact rules of powering pistons : minecraftwiki
i found a way to connect to easily connect to private servers using a hacked wii to play the game using devolution , a gamecube emulator that can emulate the broadband adapter . following the details from this youtube viedo i was able to log into both the schtserv that troylatroy referenced as well as the l33tserv . i recently hacked my friend 's wii and set this up for him so if there are any further questions feel free to message me .
i have taken half an hour just looking through the auction house , and i have taken my own experience and various forum posts into account , and these are my findings : the maximum number of sockets per equipment type varies . it seems to be independent of item rarity ( magic and rare items , legendaries are something special ) . instead , it seems to depend entirely on the body type of the item . these are the maximums i was able to identify : first of all : shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots can not have sockets at all ( more on that later ) . helmets , rings , amulets , weapons , and offhands : one socket pants two sockets chest armor three sockets legendary items are a special case : they always have a certain fixed amount of sockets per named item , but just for completeness : the maximum number of sockets on legendaries i could find was two . there is something i have to add about shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots : even though there seem to be no belts with sockets , it is theoretically still possible that belts can have sockets , and simply nobody has found one yet . i come to this conclusion from a simple fact : shoulders , gloves , and boots have no search option for " has sockets " in the auction house , indicating that it is indeed not possible for them to have one . belts , however , do have this search option . it is entirely possible that blizzard just left it in by accident , though . another interesting fact about items and sockets : items have a fixed amount of random properties ( this can differ , even for same rarity and body placement ) . when an item is dropped , or identified , the contents of these properties are randomly rolled out . sockets , no matter how many there are in the item slot , take up exactly one of these random properties . this make for an interesting conclusion : if you are unlucky , sockets may take away important stats from your item . in general , pure item stats will always be higher than you could at to it with gems . for example , perfect strength gems provide +22 strength . in comparison , items of roughly the same level seem to hit an upper cap of around +60 strength . this means that if you , for example , identify a rare chest armor piece and it finds +50 vitality , +20 experience per kill and +1.2% chance to stun on hit , plus one socket , then that last socket could have been a slot for +50 strength , whereas now you can only try to compensate for it with gems . on the contrary , however , this becomes a nice bonus when you actually want to stack a certain stats . items can not roll the same bonus stat twice . if we go with the example from above , you now can circumvent this fact by adding another +22 vitality gem into the socket , thus giving you even more life on the item ( good for tanks , for example ) . this thread discusses all of this ( notice bashiok 's post later in the thread , acknowledging these facts ) .
of course not . that would be a pretty terrible business strategy on bioware 's part . the game accounts for newbies to the series and those without saves , and even asks you a background question so that you can somewhat determine who died in the previous games . you will start at level 1 instead of whatever level your imported character would have had , but the game will still be entirely playable . of course , if you played mass effect 1 and 2 and made a bunch of decisions , you may get confused at times when the assumed decisions of the default character do not line up with your own , but it will not be " game-breaking " . you will miss out on some small bonuses if you do not import a character , but missing out on them is not " game-breaking " .
i had solved the problem . looks like the problem was with my led button to increase the sound , over the keybord . ubuntu detects it as a input device . xmoto try to detect the input devices to able joysticks so this " running sudo ln -s /dev/input/js0 /dev/js1 and sudo ln -s /dev/input/js1 /dev/js0 solves the problem to me . js0 device is my led button . js1 device is my joystick .
the black outlines are part of the art style of borderlands , most of what you see on your screenshot is intentional . the only way to get rid of the pixelation is to enable antialiasing ( fxaa option in the video menu ) . i would also recommend to use the lastest driver to deal with any graphical issues . the outlines look a bit thinner on my computer , the following screenshot is with fxaa enabled :
the only experience bonus for destroying the scenery is the destruction bonus for blowing several up in a short period of time , yes . however , barrels and urns and the like often have small piles of gold , and in later difficulties they are a good source for pages and tomes of blacksmithing and jewelcrafting , and even tomes of secrets on inferno . though you have to wonder whose idea it was to hide nine hundred gold and a tome of secrets inside a rotting log .
nope , there is only one ending .
just tested this in a hot-seat game . wonder fail-gold is 1 for 1 . that is , you get 1 gold for every hammer input . this is a better return than the 1 gold for 4 hammers you get by building wealth . additionally , i checked the source code ( steam -> tools -> sid meier 's civilization v sdk ) for brave new world , in ...\steamapps\common\Sid Meier's Civilization V SDK\CvGameCoreSource\CvGameCoreDLL_Expansion2\CvCity.cpp  the relevant code block starts at line 12739 ( function cvcity::docheckproduction ) ... iProductionGold = ((iBuildingProduction * iMaxedBuildingGoldPercent) / 100); ... thisPlayer.GetTreasury()-&gt;ChangeGold(iProductionGold);  imaxedbuildinggoldpercent is 100 , sourced from GlobalDefines.xml , for bnw found at ...\steamapps\common\sid meier's civilization v\assets\DLC\Expansion2\Gameplay\XML\GlobalDefines.xml 
once your multiplayer character reaches level 20 , you can choose to " promote " them . it is a bit comparable to the call of duty series ' " prestige " system , in that your multiplayer level for that class is then reset to 1 , and you level up again to repeat the process . promoting imports them into your single-player game as a " war asset " worth 75 points , which goes towards increasing your total military strength . in addition , playing the multiplayer maps will add to your galactic readiness multiplier . this functionality is what bioware designed in order to have multiplayer affect your single-player game . promoting also adds 10 to your n7 multiplayer rating .
i went ahead , bought the game , and sadly the save files are not compatible . the save file of the retail version is named : Persona 4 ARENA  while the psn version is called Persona 4 ARENA [DL]  why this is the case is beyond me . the fact that i will not be able to use my old save file is very depressing .
i found the problem . i had contacted codemasters through e-mail since their support forms on their website would not work for me . it took like 3 days for them to find the problem and 4 responses later they told me to disable my sound card , and it worked . so i thought maybe it wad something with my sound drivers since i had a kind of hard time finding some . i looked harder than i did the first time and saw that there were new ones . i have the realtek alc892 chipset on an asus p8z68 motherboard . i downloaded the drivers from here : http://www.realtek.cz/realtek-download.php?realtek=alc892system=3 so i enabled my sound card again after installing the drivers and have not had any problems yet .
the answer is it depends . if you have max-leveled well-geared friends to power level and run you through all the missions then i would say it could probably be done in about 100-200 hours if everyone knows exactly what to do . i do not believe there is level requirements for the missions ( need to get at least level 20 to do the chocobo quest unless everyone 's willing to keep you alive while you walk the whole way ) also note that i am taking a very conservative definition of " main story " to mean finishing your nation 's mission chain , which only accounts for really about 5-10% of the story if we take not including expansions literally . with the expansions you are now talking about maybe 3-5% of the game 's story . if that was all you did you would be missing out on tons of stuff . realistically speaking unless you have some really dedicated friends this is all theoretical because it is really hard to get a group of people together to run some low level person through the game . doing it normally with just people in your level range , i would expect no less than 1000 hours . additionally it is not really realistic to say not including expansions because i do not think you can even purchase a copy without them . last i checked ( quit the game about 2 years ago ) every time they release a new expansion they bundle up all the previous expansions together and sell it for the price of the original game . i played for 5+ years with close to 1 year of gametime and i still never finished all the main nation missions because finding people with time to help with old content is somewhat difficult . for the later missions you had probably want to allocate at least a 3-5 hour block per mission where everyone 's ready to go . literally estimating time to do something in ff11 is like estimating software development . take your best guess , and double it . some things might be easier now than when i played though , and with the new level caps you might only need 2-3 max level friends with a lot of free time instead of 5+ but overall , it is not really a question that has a direct answer .
the ratio of crafting exp to character exp changes depending on your level and your crafting level . craft level 1-100: each craft level grants 1% of the exp required for character level up . craft level 101-200: 2% craft level 201-300: 3% craft level 301-400: 4% so , leveling a craft from 1-400 yields enough experience to gain 10 character levels , regardless of your current level . leveling all crafting disciplines to maximum will take a character to level 80 . interestingly , the experience gain is weighted toward higher crafting levels , so , for example , leveling all crafts to 100 would only grant 8 character levels , compared to the 10 gained by maxing out a single craft .
most of what you are looking for can be found on the borderlands wiki however , to answer the questions about your specific bosses : skyscraper - it spawns under the separate broken highway against the far edge of the map , at nearly a straight connecting line from the world 's largest bullet and thirsty the midget . skagzilla - he is part of the mission big game hunter in dahl headlands , and he respawns inside the pen area . motorhead - motorhead respawns every 15 minutes at the quest location . mothraak - mothraak respawns when you approach the torches . rakk hive - the rakk hive is a special type of boss respawn which only happens after you have beaten playthrough 2 . his location remains unchanged from the quest location . crawmerax - he is always in the usual spot , he respawns when you leave/reenter the area . most of these bosses respawn when you restart your game unless otherwise stated . as for xp gain , it entirely depends on your level . farming bosses typically is not worth doing for xp , but rather for drops . this question is also pertinent if you want to get lots of xp .
as far as gameplay is concerned , the only difference is the quadruple damage taken . unlike skyward sword and wind waker 's hero modes , you can find hearts by killing enemies or destroying the environment . there is also an extra bit of exposition and a slightly modified scene in the ending ravio 's diary can be read in the vacant house in lorule , and zelda and the sages accompany link when he returns the master sword to its pedestal . source ( contains hidden spoilers )
no . here is a link that has a table of items that are not available for sale via streetpass teams . items that cannot be purchased via streetpass sword missiletainn , sol , amatsu , falchion , exalted falchion , parallel falchion , mercurius , tyrfing , balmung , mystletainn , sol katti , ragnell lance luna , gradivus , gáe bolg , gungnir axe vengeance , wolf berg , hauteclere , helswath , armads bow astra , parthia , yewfelle , nidhogg , double bow tome valflame , mjölnir , excalibur , forseti , book of naga , goetia staff goddess staff item naga 's tear , boots , bullion ( s ) , bullion ( m ) , bullion ( l ) , supreme emblem dlc dread scroll , wedding bouquet , all stats +2 , paragon , iote 's shield , limit break , silver card , outrealm item
after testing this theory a few times on different floors , i was able to determine that the bonus = ~ 4.98% * [ total amount of all 3 items in stock at the time of being fully stocked ] 1st full stocking item : 41 bonus / 823 total in stock= . 0498 . . . 2nd full stock bonus : 22 bonus / 441 total in stock = . 04988 . . . . . 3rd full stock bonus : 124 bonus / 2489 total in stock = . 0498 . . . . these were different types of floors at different heights .
you do not have to interrogate all the aliens . if they are not available for interrogation , and you have an alien containment it is because you have interrogated them in the past and forgot about it . you can see all the steps needed for progression here : what are all of the priority missions needed to complete the game ? . you only need to interrogate the sectoid for the full research achievement . it does not prevent you from advancing and finishing the game . you can see here : what does the full research tree look like ? it does not " block " any other research .
offscreen reload is only an option if you are using a light gun - it overrides button 2 of the light gun to set the position of the gun off the edge of the screen and also counts as a " fire " operation . the mame manual describes it thus : controls whether or not mame treats a second button input from a lightgun as a reload signal . in this case , mame will report the gun 's position as ( 0 , max ) with the trigger held , which is equivalent to an offscreen reload . this is only needed for games that required you to shoot offscreen to reload , and then only if your gun does not support off screen reloads . the default is off ( -nooffscreen_reload ) . i dug into the source of the input code , and found the section where it checks the offscreen_reload switch . it is only used when lightguns are used for input . the command line switch is mapped to a instance variable called " m_device . lightgun_reload_button " which is only checked if the input device is a lightgun . see src/input/emu . c for more details . therefore , this will not work with the mouse - you will have to move the cursor to the edge of the screen and press fire , and this will only work if you are playing a game that supports offscreen reload ( not all games had a " reload " function ) . it seems like it might be possible to change the source to add a feature like you had want , but that is something you had probably want to ask the developers of mame with assistance with .
professor layton and the last specter ( or the spectre 's call in europe ) is actually a prequel to the first three games in the series . i have played the first three games to completion , ( this game i have made some progress on but have not finished ) and there is some minor plot overlap , ( a few shared secondary characters , for the most part ) but there is enough backstory in all of the games that you can pick them up out of order and not get too lost . in fact , the first game kind of drops you into the middle of layton 's story anyhow , and fills in the relevant details as it goes along . the primary antagonist of that game does not really get a proper backstory ( and a reason to hate layton ) until game #3 , for example . the focus of the game is really on the puzzles anyhow , and the plot itself tends to be more or less nonsensical for 80% of the game , so i would not stress playing them out of order , and especially not if you start with spectre 's call first .
the code you listed is off by 1 extra digit . vokun mask base id - 00061CC9 you seem to have added a 1 to the end of yours . i am also including the codes for the rest just in case you run into future problems : ) vokun mask base id - 00061CC9 hevnoraak mask base id - 00061CC1 krosis mask base id - 00061CB9 morokei mask base id - 00061C8B nahkriin mask base id - 00061CA5 otar mask base id - 00061CC2 rahgot mask base id - 00061CC0 volsung mask base id - 00061CAB i am assuming you want to get the items to yourself , the console command for that is ; player.additem &lt;Base ID&gt; &lt;Quantity&gt; source : dragon priests hope this helped . merry x-mas !
well it can raise the affection of the pokémon towards you . this is achieved by petting the pokémon , feeding it and playing games with it . you can feed it poké puffs , which come in many shapes and colours , and usually the fancier ones will give more hearts towards leveling up affection which is measured in a five-heart scale . said poké puffs are rewards from playing games , with harder difficulties giving better puffs . your score is also a factor . playing games burns food given to your pokémon , so if it is full ( turning its head when attempting to feed it ) , playing some games enable you to feed it more . petting it also raises affection , but after a while , instead of hearts , a speech bubble with a musical note will appear , which means further petting will have no effect at that time , it would rather play . as for the effects : the pokémon whose affection is higher might display a text when entering battle , like ' your familiar smell is comforting to it ' and such . but better yet , these pokémon might earn boosted experience points , shrug off status conditions ( all of them i think ) , avoid attacks , deal critical strikes and survive an otherwise fatal blow occasionally . some even evolve with high friendship . to reach the fifth heart after the fourth , you need to level it twice . hope this helps .
spearmen have a bonus when fighting mounted units , same as pikemen . however , spearmen and knights do not show up in the same era - knights and pikemen are both medieval units , while spearmen are ancient units . this means that knights are relatively more powerful than spearmen , even taking into account the bonus vs . mounted . to compare : spearmen are strength 11 with +50% vs mounted units . vs . a knight , this puts them at 16.5 ( before other bonuses ) . pikemen are strength 16 with +100% vs mounted units , giving them a strength of 32 . since knights have a strength of 20 ( since nominal unit power increases with era ) , they will beat spearmen despite their " vs . mounted " bonus .
i tested buying a different plot of land and building a new house and i had the same issue . it seems that once a save file has gained this kind of corruption , it applise to all houses you build on that save . so the only way i found to resolve this was to go back to a much older save . then i did what @kotekzot suggested and built my new house one piece at a time . i took much longer than one second per object to build ; i exited the menu and confirmed each piece had been added before i built a new one .
that depends on your style of playing . if you try to master everything , i would say about 80-100 hours of total play time , though i am pretty sure someone has already done it in 20 or 25 :- )
you can find a detailed overview of the differences between all four difficulties in this thread on the 2k forums . here is what that thread says about normal and classic : normal : base global panic starts at 0 most minor alien activity raises panic by 1 in left unchecked with some events doing up to 3 your soldiers have no bonus hitpoints aliens have their ai mostly unshackled soldiers cost $10 classic : base global panic starts at 8 ( 1 per location ) if unchecked alien activity causes at least 1 panic , but will often cause 2 or 3 your soldiers have -1 hitpoint all aliens receive bonuses hit hitpoints , accuracy , critical change and / or damage . alien ai is unshackled you do not receive officer training school for free . you must unlock and purchase it . there are even more aliens per map soldiers cost $15
i have been going through a newly-generated world , traveling across several biomes , and i have seen tall grass everywhere there is regular grass : forests , savannah , plains , etc . the only biomes in which it does not seem to spawn are tundra , deserts , and ( of course ) the nether . tall grass is incredibly common : if you have not seen a ton of it already , one thing to keep in mind is that new terrain features generally do not spawn on already-generated chunks , and you will have to travel to a new , unexplored area to see them . to confirm this , i loaded an existing world i had which spanned a few different biomes ( tundra , taiga , forest , grassland ) . there was no tall grass in any of the pre-generated chunks . however , i found several instances of tall grass immediately after walking into an area that caused the game to generate a new chunk . edit ( thanks , kurley ) : as of 1.6.6 , you can spawn tall grass yourself : when applied to a grass block , one bone meal is consumed and tall grass , and occasionally flowers , forms around and on the grass block .
you can message an opponent from the victory screen after a game , or from the match history : select the " chat " option to start a new chat .
you can still get on top of the silent cartographer , i have been up there you can move through the all the new scenery up there . halo anniversary literally is halo ce with new graphics thrown over it , a vast majority of the code is exactly as it was in halo ce . i would wager that all of glitches in halo ce are still present in halo anniversary .
the extra blocks you are seeing are just artifacts from the previous frame of the game . caused by either the tv or camera used . i am sure of this because the ui for the next piece does not have enough room for 4 blocks . looking through some game guides shows no mention of 4 blocks either .
run into the closest water ( or lay some down ) or get on a boat -- water damages them too . so when they teleport next to you , they are being damaged from the water at the same time that you are hitting them with the sword . firing a bow from a boat is the best idea if you are taking this strategy . if you are not near water , run away and shoot at them with your bow . if you can , charge the bow fully , but charging the bow slows your movement . this tactic is less effective in water because your movement speed is reduced . if you have to engage them with your sword , jump up and hit them on the downward fall of the jump . this will give you a critical hit with your sword , and so help you kill the ender man quicker . be prepared : full armour , bucket of water , full hunger meter and a good sword !
shift and left click the item stack to bring up this dialog : if you have started typing into chat then this will leave the item linked in your chat window , in addition to splitting the stack , because the ui is terrible that way . to avoid the chat linking you can shift and right click the item instead , and then drag the mouse off of the item before releasing the mouse button . that last quirk is somewhat mind boggling , and makes it easy to miss .
minecraft x-ray maintenance branch was one of the map viewers on the programs and editors page of the wiki . i have not personally used it , but the wiki says it supports windows , mac , and linux . the program allows you to view your map and make certain blocks glow ( ex . clay , diamond ) . edit : since the program mentioned above seems to not have an . exe download available , i found another program named mineviewer . it allows for real-time layer slicing . this would take a little bit of time , but to find clay , i suppose you could set the colour of all blocks other than clay to white or gray ( you can make your own colour schemes ! ) , and slice down to sea level ( so the rest of the terrain does not get in your way ) .
holding shift while issuing an action queues the action to be done after the unit has done the actions that it has already been told to do .
valve days change over at 10 am pacific time , so an expiration date of the 27th implies that the moratorium will expire sometime between 10am pacific on the 27th , and 10am pacific on the 28th . the duration of the moratorium is 5 full days , so if your password is changed at noon utc , you will be able to trade again at noon utc .
from what i have seen on xbox 360 and reading online , only the upper level monsters will ( can ) have their names above . i think this is mostly due to the fact that when an area is densely populated it will be an absolute jumble of monster names and may affect to your game performance ( in contrast to the health bar which only shows once you attack another enemy ) .
they are all exactly the same . and since braid only has 2 speeds of movement ( moving or stopped ) i can not imagine it being very different gameplay-wise on either platform . i personally own the game on the xbox 360 , and think it is great ! i would probably have to suggest going with the ps3 version of the game , because the gamepad is a nice way to layout the controls . braid is all about the puzzles , and art style , but the audio track is nice too , so you may want to take into account the quality of the sound system [ s ] you have your pc and ps3 set up with as well . it might be interesting to note that on gamespot , braid for xbox 360 and ps3 received a 9.2/10 critic score , where the pc game " only " received 9.1/10 . a slight difference , to be sure , but it is there . also , please read the comment below by ' rimmer ' , as it mentions a few minor details that are different between versions . in general however , the games are wholly identical .
as long as you swing at a time when the monster is in the square in front of you ( by the way , you can hit ogres as they charge past ! ) then the timing does not change your chance to hit or do damage . i swing all my easy weapons first , then click the spell glyphs while all my other characters are on cooldown , to reduce wasted time . however , it is smart to stagger your swings , as it is possible to significantly reduce your damage received if the monster stays staggered often . i aim to swing about once a second to maximize their stunned time , even though it slightly reduces my damage per second .
action mode features ' a mix of paragon and renegade dialog options ' . it can also be turned on or off at any time using the ' narrative ' settings , simply by toggling between ' full decisions ' or ' no decisions ' , so you can always save your game , turn it on , and see what version of an interaction plays out if you are curious .
i do not know about any long-term ramifications ( i doubt there are any ) but . . . if you give the ring to harold ( actually it says you will sell him the ring ) , he will thank you and reward you with 100g . your journal will update that he headed for the docks immediately to return to his family in skyrim but i found him still lounging around the inn a day later , swilling ale and munching on a hunk of bread . reload , give the ring to svea ( 'scuse me , " sell " the ring to her ) . . . she thanks you , gives you a 300g reward and asks you to take the ring and armor to rangarr to have it repaired . interestingly , at this point i saw harold headed out of town , maybe going to the docks to return to his family ? i would have gladly given him some money myself to help them out but i could not interact with him in any way . anyway , after waiting around for about 3 hrs , you pick up the armor and take it back to svea , who gives you another 100g reward and asks you to present it to gabrial for her . guess she has a crush on him . : )
games are said to be in 2 dimensions , when you can only move in the x and y axis ( ie . left , right , up and down or similar ) . 3 dimensional games let you move in more more axis ( usually the z axis ) . a 2.5 dimensional game is a game that works much like a 2 dimensional game , but usually allows you some limited control of the third ( z ) axis . an example of this would be little big planet , where you usually just move in the x and y axis , but can step " into " the z axis in a limited fashion ( i think there are like 3 " planes " , front , middle , back ) . there are also some fighting games that allow this . this is not to be confused with games that are done with 2d or 3d graphics .
it is been a while since i have been at that scene , but the ultimate resource back then was the mud connector . in particular , it has an advanced search page you can use to filter muds with a specific number of players online on average ; for example , performing a search with the "100+ players " checkbox selected shows 23 muds . notice that that search page is a bit clunky , for example some options are selected by checkboxes instead of radio buttons even when only one option is allowed i believe the site 's database depends mostly - if not entirely - on the feedback from the muds themselves . so if a mud 's admin do not update it often you may find that it has less or more players than advertised , and it is possible some popular muds might not be listed at all . despite these two caveats , this site was pretty accurate and popular back when i last used it . . . admittedly that was like a decade ago , but i hope it is still up-to-date and would help you too . edit i understand you already checked that site ; i guess that when using the mud connector , it is important to pay careful attention to the " updated " date for the mud . for example , of these 23 muds mentioned above , only around 5 have been updated in the last 18 months ; so i would skip the others and check these directly . indeed , one of those 5 , called the 3 kingdoms , offers an browser-accessible " who list " which , at the time of writing this , lists 90 players currently online .
like flint from gravel , the chance for a sapling to drop from destroying a block of leaves is a static percentage whenever you destroy the block . most likely , you have just been badly treated by the random number system . keep planting the saplings you do find , and eventually you will start coming across the 9-saplings trees again . ; )
unfortunately ( or fortunately ) , you do not sparkle , and anna paquin is not instantly attracted to you . there are other perks and drawbacks that might offset that , though : benefits immunity to disease , and any disease you contracted will be cured immunity to poison , and any poison you contracted will be removed 25% boost to illusion spells cast 25% harder to detect while sneaking 25% boost to frost resistance per stage of vampirism ( to a max of 100% at stage 4 ) special , vampire-only powers ( see below ) drawbacks your face transforms into something only a mother could love ; npcs will comment about it , too npcs will attack you on sight once you hit stage 4 no magicka , stamina , or health regeneration during the day 15 point reduction to magicka , stamina , and health during the day per stage of vampirism ( to a max of 60 at stage 4 ) weakness to fire increases by 25% per stage of vampirism ( to a max of 100% at stage 4 ) cannot become a werewolf , and lycanthropy will cure vampirism must feed periodically to maintain lower-levels of vampirism , which is a real hassle and is considered a crime vampire powers as mentioned above , vampires get a set of powers and abilities in addition to their bonuses : stage 1: vampire 's sight — 60 second night vision ; no cost , no cooldown vampiric drain — drain life , 2 health per second vampire 's servant — reanimate level 6 or lower corpse ; 1 day cooldown stage 2: vampire 's seduction — mob level 8 or lower will not fight or flee for 30 seconds vampire 's servant now works on level 13 or lower corpses stage 3: vampiric drain now drains 4 health per second vampire 's servant now works on level 21 or lower corpses stage 4: embrace of the shadows — invisibility and night vision for 3 minutes ; 1 day cooldown vampiric drain now drains 5 health per second vampire 's servant now works on level 30 or lower corpses
you both need to be using the ftb launcher as far as i know . you might be able to use forge but i have always done it through ftb . make sure you both have the same version client that the server is running on . if you have any difficulty connecting , try using evolve ( my personal favorite ) or hamachi . port forwarding is also recommended but i prefer using it as a last resort since it can be a pain in the butt at times .
unfortunately , ac4 does not support windowed mode or a borderless window . you can try to use dxwnd though , which is designed to force those type of games into windowed mode .
in plain simcity 4 , sims will take the shortest route by distance to their location . this leads to some rather illogical travel paths where sims will take the overburdened street and ignore your empty 6 lane highway right next to it . the only way around this is decentralisation . do not just have an industrial third , commercial third and residential third to your city , have several zones dotted around . mass transit also helps , but again there is a tendency for sims to ignore it . spamming bus stations is the easiest way to get mass transit going . there is a mod called the network addon mod that fixes this issue by making sims take the shortest route by time to their location . it also gives you far more options for transport . decentralising your zones also helps with nam installed , but you can also work by having some redundancy too - like having a subway and highway going to the same location . this works far better under nam than under plain simcity , where sims will only ever avail themselves of one option , regardless of how overused it is .
exit to the menu . on the character select screen , select " change quest " . this will let you go back to any quests you have previously accomplished , but you will lose your progress on the current quest .
yes , you can buy legendary ( orange ) weapons in normal vending machines . i can not find any written souce , but i have personally purchased a shredifier from a gun machine at raiders hq in sanctuary . i would assume any legendary that is marked as " drops from any suitable loot source " in the wiki can spawn in a vending machine . level of the item is equal to the level of vending machine , which is equal to area level - if you go to southern shelf on normal , you will forever see level 4-6-something items there . as for " class " , the type of item is rolled first , than it has the chance to become legendary - no specific rules . also , as dave mentions , there are torgue machines with legendaries for torgue tokens , and seraph vendor with seraph equipment for seraph crystals .
here a list of all of them and how to unlock them .
according to the minecraft wiki : all wolves will appear to ' scare ' an ocelot , but it is actually the normal " coming too close " behavior they display with players . tamed wolves do not appear to scare , or fight with , tamed ocelots ( cats ) .
yes , when you complete a mission in a sector , the new readiness percentage is the previous readiness percentage plus the readiness value for that mission .
no . blizzard state in their forums : as a reminder : any progress made on the ptr will not transfer over to your live account .
these are to show your current level in all of the previous call of duty games . here is the order : 1st slot - call of duty : modern warfare 2nd slot - call of duty : world at war 3rd slot - modern warfare 2 4th slot - black ops also , if you have prestiged in any of the previous games you get a prestige token to use in the modern warfare 3 prestige shop ( with a max of one token per previous game , there is nothing to be gained after the first prestige ) .
armor in the elder scrolls series falls into two main categories , light and heavy . within each category , you have a series of grades of quality , which are generally materials ( glass , steel , leather ) , but occasionally based on a style of construction or ore used ( dwarven , orcish , elven , etc . ) orcish is a superior grade of armor to dwarven - it offers superior protection , piece for piece , than dwarven does .
armor absorbs 66% of the damage and 34% of it ( the damage ) will be removed from health . this formula will apply until all of your armor is absorbed and then all the damage will be directly hitting your hps . sources : quake live wiki : http://quakelive.wikia.com/wiki/armor personal experience educated guess
you need to upgrade your city hall and get the department of transportation module added on to it . when this happens you will be able to build the train components needed to connect to it . you can find the train components under the transport menu ( looks like a bus ) and then under the trains section . if you hover over the items there it will show you the requirement in order to purchase that item . hope this helps .
these weapons are given once to every character , and yes , they are always all level 1 weapons . the intent is supposed to be to give new characters a small boost during the very first parts of the game where you had normally only have a single crummy pistol . they just happen to also be given to existing characters unchanged when you buy the appropriate dlc .
from the steam forums : The black mascot name is CyL the yellow is Sir Roderick Bodkins the orange is Tappet.  they have steam accounts , but they are not in use ( almost 1k days without logging in ) : bodkins tappet cyl as far as back-story or explanation , there is not any that i know of .
the stats for both the master assassin 's armour and ishak pasha 's armour ( which is found from the hagia sophia ) are identical : it seems that they both have hidden abilities however ; ' the armour also had a hidden effect , which was silent sprinting the only difference which is mentioned is that while wearing ishak pasha 's armour that the guards are more likely to flee due to a belief that it is cursed . source ( s ) : http://assassinscreed.wikia.com/wiki/armor_of_ishak_pasha http://assassinscreed.wikia.com/wiki/master_assassin_armor
it is random . so we could say the only thing affecting it is your own luck . source : personal experience , wiki , official forum ( can not find that thread now so now link to it )
the original wii can play gamecube games . you just need enough gamecube controllers - one per player . there are even ports at the top of the box for the controllers and memory cards to fit . just pop the disc in the slot . you will have to have/find an early console , later models had these ports removed . the wii u can also play gamecube games - but download versions only so if you were hoping to keep playing the games you already own , you are out of luck .
bearing in mind that thanks to ea , sony , microsoft and/or brick-and-mortar stores demanding different street dates for the eu , i can not confirm this hypothesis for another two days when i will finally be able to actually play , but . . . the way i understood the little talk about neutral reputation is that it magnifies the p/r reputation you already have . as an example , if you have 3 paragon and 2 renegade , and you perform a neutral action worth 5 points , you had end up with 6 paragon and 4 renegade .
after you unlock the normandy and can visit eden prime .
there is not any difference , and there is not any indication of this choice ever having an effect , gameplay-wise . the only difference between the two teams is that the resistance seems to be more popular , and will probably remain so in the foreseeable future . so if you desire a more challenging gameplay , pick the enlightened .
dodge chance takes effect differently depending on whether or not you have shields . if you have no shields , dodge is calculated when your ship is about to be hit . if you do have shields , dodge is calculated when they are about to be hit . this may seem like a trivial distinction , but there is one important result of this : missiles . even though missiles bypass shields , the dodge is still calculated as the missile passes the shield barrier . so if you are using a cloaking device , use it before things hit your shield .
as deus ex human revolution is a prequel to the series , it is perfectly appropriate to play it before the others .
each element has its own attack side effect , which has a chance to occur on each hit . some of them are hinted at in the loading screen tips . ice attacks have a chance to freeze , which slows down movement , attack , and cast speed by 33% for a few seconds . poison attacks have a chance to poison , which reduces damage and all armor by 33% electric attacks have a chance to shock , which causes the afflicted enemy to emit electric bolts that damage more enemies every time it is hit . fire attacks have a chance to burn , which is fire damage over time that ignores armor . note that these all have a chance to occur on elemental attacks from any source , including skills . elemental gems give you these effects only as a direct consequence of giving your weapon an additional elemental attack type .
you will need to renovate one of the banks in the city to be able to collect . once in your control , just go to the bank and withdraw your money . to be able to renovate the bank , you need to be in control of the zone first . if necessary , you will have to liberate the templar-held zone first . the ones in galata should be available to you in the beginning . just examine the sign and pay the required amount . as you start off , it will cost in the mid-1000 's . but the more renovations you make , the more it will cost .
the abilities will level up with you . after placing a teemo mushroom , shaco box , caitlyn trap , nidalee trap , or any other placeable unit , when you level up the respective skill , the placed unit will level up as well and receive an increase in attributes such as damage . note : heimy ' s placed turret 's health will not increase if you level up the skill also , the placed units are basically referencing your skill in its current state , so buying items will have an affect on already placed units , same as levelling them would .
having now beaten the game , i can conclusively say : yes , an enhanced double jump can substitute for triple jump . there is no magic game-logic that prevents you from finishing the game , there is just some high jumps to make . it turns out that the stratospheric citadels are not anything special ; in my game , they were just ordinary craggy highlands tiles . they were a bit longer than normal , but it is the same as purifying any other tile : march to the end of the level , destroy the weather-manipulating thing , and then you are done . ( and then demonaica will cast spells over the citadel tile to try to prevent you from clearing it with resistance members , but that is another story . ) the evil overlord 's keep is a similar story : there are places where you need to jump high , but an enhanced double jump can do the job .
perhaps this answer to a similar question about how tourism money goes to your city coffers will help explain it . they are likely very similar , if not identical . does profit from the tourist attraction culture buildings go to the city coffers ?
q : what does " on fire " mean ? a : when your plane is damaged to a certain extent it starts to smoke , this is what is classed as " on fire " . q : is the counter reset each round ? a : no the counter is not reset . what this objective fails to mention is that you have to kill your enemies by ramming into them . this is not at all clear and so leads to confusion .
according to league of legends wikia , both armor and magic resistance " damage multiplier " is calculated with the following formula ( replace mr with armor the same ) : if enemy mr is greater or equal to 0 ( mr > = 0 ) calculation is like below ; 100 / ( mr+100 ) which means ; for 100 magic resistance → × 0.5 incoming magic damage ( 50% reduction ) so for a single spell with magic damage of 800 will deal 400 damage ( considering your have no magic penetration ) . if enemy mr is less than 0 ( mr &lt ; 0 ) calculation is like below ; 2 − ( 100 / ( 100-mr ) ) which means ; for −25 magic resistance → × 1.2 incoming magic damage ( 20% increase ) so for a single spell with magic damage of 800 will deal 960 damage ( considering your have no magic penetration ) .
a wonderful life is like the other harvest moon games in that gaining relationship points from gifts depends entirely on what the gift is . nami likes home-cooked food ( except for failed dishes ) and those will increase her relationship points by the same amount , no matter what that dish is .
i used my chronometer to measure the times and this is what i found out ( as i should have done before asking , anyway ) : used ice form shout ( 60 seconds cooldown ) , waited 30 seconds . equipped talos amulet , and still had to wait 30 more seconds of cooldown . the same with other shouts . so talos amulet is only effective before the shout . i guess i will have to be fast if i want to use it in an emergency .
nope - just a secret joke dungeon . rumor has it that if you are particularly unfortunate , you might stumble across development hell , as well . . ( i know you mentioned it , but seriously . development hell . it deserves a second mention . ) oh , and you might also find bashiok lurking around the oasis in act 2 . if you have got rakanishu 's blade , he is even worth an achievement .
according to this site and the honor faq which i got most of my information from . there are four types of honor : helpful - there are those summoners who have the know-how to help you step up your game and are always willing to share . if one of your teammates makes you feel like you’re attending a master class on league of legends , be sure to recognize him for being a helpful teammate . friendly - ever meet one of those summoners who – win or lose – is just a pleasure to play with ? this acknowledgement goes out to those unsung heroes of the fields of justice whose friendly demeanor keeps everyone having a good time even when the chips are down . teamwork - some players really put the needs of the team over their personal interests . these players lead the way on the fields of justice , support struggling teammates , and are always the first to step up and select a role the team needs . this acknowledgement is for all those players who understand that a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . honorable opponent - sometimes you run into an opponent who is humble in victory and graceful in defeat . be sure to acknowledge those adversaries who embody the spirit of sportsmanship as honorable opponents . you currently get some profile indicators , as well as other bonuses . the profile indicator : ( icons left to right are : friendly , helpful , teamwork , honorable opponent ) first bonus for getting that you are a great teammate is this during champion select : same thing but for being an honorable opponent these also show up during the loading screen the popup once you are alerted that you have received one of these alerts right now the exact amount of times you need to be honored is unknown . this is more then likely due to the honor votes being weighted in the background . someone who honors just their friends votes count less then random people you play in matchmaking . right now the only way to loose honor is if you are reported to the tribunal and found guilty of of a infraction . this resets all your honor to zero .
rift points determine 4 of the 5 skulls , but the 5th skull is dependent on the amount of time it took you to finish the level . you can check the time it took you and the par time in the statistics at the end of the level . you also must be playing on at least war mage to get all 5 skulls . at the lowest difficulty you will get far fewer . if you are aiming for 5 skulls , there are many video guides on youtube , and i also found this steam forum thread .
i have not experienced any benefit from putting the banner anywhere . my best guess would be it is purely ornamental , unless you use it to mark a spot , or monster to attack for your party . after testing it in a few spots and difficulties , i have not noticed any visible benefit ( no aggro help neither ) . i am sure there is others that can think of more creative uses . for example : if you time it with their walking path , you can kill a chicken with it .
here is how the quest is initialized : this quest is initiated by arcade gannon , when he realizes that his old friends from the now-defunct enclave could make a difference in the battle for hoover dam . the quest is triggered by having arcade as a companion , gaining his trust , and progressing to an appropriate point in the new vegas storyline . if the player is following the main quest line for an independent new vegas ( doing the yes man quests ) , the quest will be offered even if the player has not gained arcade 's trust . here is a detailed link to starting the quest line , this includes how you gain his trust and where in the story line you must have progressed to . hope this helps ! edit : if you have already completed these there is a bug that prevents him from giving you the quest . here is the work around : it is possible to not be able to activate the quest for some unknown reason , despite attempting all trigger options , if you are traveling with ed-e in your party get rid of him and the quest should work
you certainly can , though i have not been able to do it without the help of the gear relic ( from about halfway through ) . certain stages actually provide alternate paths that may bypass checkpoints entirely ( the checkpoint before the first gryphon in king knight 's stage come to mind ) , meaning you have to backtrack a bit if you want to trigger the respawn . may i ask why you are trying to not-trigger but not-destroy the checkpoints in the first place ? is it just for the added challenge ?
no , killing zombies outside the town has no effect on the nightly zombie attack . however , killing zombies in a zone has an impact on how many zombies will be in that zone ( and neighbouring zones ) tomorrow .
just like the personal story , the living story is part of the " event assistant " , which sits in the top right of the ui and is a " permanent component " of the interface . you can expand/collapse it , but currently you can not disable it as a whole . there is been talk that the ui will become more customisable with future releases , though not to the extreme that guild wars was . your only option , if it bothers you enough , is to turn off the ui completely ( ctrl + shift + h ) , which , as one player demonstrated in a video , works better than you had expect , or to add your voice to those asking to be able to hide personal and living story elements of the ui .
1 ) as far as i can remember , " solo " queue actually lets you queue up to a team of two . this may have changed . unfortunately , solo queue is just that - you and some strangers - and if you want an easy strategy to climb the solo queue ladder , there is not one . you are largely at the whim of the matchmaker , so the best you can hope for is to carry a team , perhaps by playing a ganking jungler such as rammus , shaco , or nocturne . the current metagame theory is that teams with a jungler > teams without , so by playing a strong jungler ( assuming you are not overestimating your skill ) will give you the best odds , as an early game lead can be hard to overcome . 2 ) queue dodging in a ranked game no longer reduces your elo , but it does prevent you from queuing for ranked games for a substantial amount of time . if you want to raise your elo , you need to play games , and you can not do that if you constantly queue dodge .
no . " tell me a story " does not mean that the story is enhanced . rather , it means that the challenge is decreased , as if to say that the game is only interesting for its story and not its gameplay challenge if the player picks the reduced difficulty . to be specific , harder difficulty decreases your health and regeneration rate , increases the enemy 's health , regeneration rate and accuracy . it also affects the regeneration delay . ( source : gamefaqs )
same as for any case of usage , i.e. 7200 is faster than 5400 . however there are 2 additional things to consider , 7200 generates more heat and noise . while second can cause discomfort , first shortens life of the hdd . considering that ps3 is not really depends on drive speed in general , 5400 is generally preffered . considering hdd buffer size it is again , same as for any case of usage , but again , ps3 is not a heavy hdd user , thus impact is low . any will do fine . the only major compatibility bug i am aware of is a head parking issue ( but it is actually far more important than 2 previous factors imo ) . the problem is that ps3 often have long pauses beetween subsequent hdd reads . in the meantime hdd heads are parked and motor is turned off . on next access drive starts again , causing 2-second pause in access . particularly wd scorpio blue drives are suspect to the issue . thus i do not recommend this drives . the size of the hard drive is limited additionally in height . it is allowed maximum is 9.5mm . thus , currently , drives that fits into that size have maximum capacity of 1tb and they are supported by ps3 . my guess would be that ps3 will support up to 2tb drives without compatibility issues ( same as pc ) . for the 12gb version of ps3 you also need to purchase special hdd mount box , since it does not come with this version of console .
i can confirm that creating/editing steam . cfg ( in the same directory as the steam executable ) with the following lines works , as long as you have set steam to remember your password ( thanks darkanime ) : BootStrapperInhibitAll=enable ForceOfflineMode=enable  if you want to manage this with a command-line parameter , you could create a script to do something like the following ( windows . bat file ) : it used to be that you could hit " cancel " while steam was starting up and it would allow you to start offline mode from there , but that no longer works .
you can use the command /gamerule keepInventory true ( case sensitive ) to prevent the player from losing items on death . this command will work in vanilla minecraft , without using any mods ( as long as cheats are enabled ) . you can also do this on a server as long as you have operator status .
at the very beginning of the game , no , you probably want to use the item with the highest damage output regardless of what it is . later you will find that wands may offer other bonuses that you will find desirable , but right out of the gate with mostly vanilla items that is not a concern .
i have found that the easiest way to do this is to do it as follows : go to the steam store page for the game in question . for the dlc , you should see a heading . if there are several items , click on the " see all " arrow in the lower right . click the " add all dlc to cart " button in the lower right . it will then automatically take you to the shopping cart checkout page . if you already own the piece of dlc in question , you will see " you already own this game " underneath the name of the dlc . in the example here , you can see that i own the civilization and scenario : korea pack , but not the one underneath it , the wonders of the ancient world scenario pack . unfortunately , there is no way to mass remove items from your shopping cart , so you will then have to click on each " remove " link in order to remove it from your list . however , it is the easiest way i have found to see at a glance what dlc you have and do not have .
as said by brian schkerke you cannot legally play civilization5 without steam . people have legitimate gripes about steam , and these questions come up regularly especially on 2k 's official civilization5 forum ( 2k civ5 forum ) however , since steam is un-avoidable i find it more productive to offer advice to mitigate the effect steam has on your enjoyment and on your system , for in fact many gripes people have with steam are optional and can be disabled . you can disable all push pop-up advertising in steam . instructions you can play civ5 singleplayer/lan offline without connecting to the steam server . instructions you can disable steam collecting anonymous information about your system/software . wiki you can disable steam from running on startup . instructions the four points above cover many reasons people dislike steam . you will however still need to run the steam client in the background as civ5 plays . this may be un-palatable for your tastes but at least it is a ' neutered ' version of steam which does not connect to the internet or use up your system resources . the disadvantages are you cannot save your games on the steam cloud while offline ( useful for continuing games at different locations ) you cannot receive patches for the game while steam is offline you cannot have your in game achievements ranked . you cannot communicate with your friends on steam which you probably would not want to use anyway if you dont use steam . hope this helps . fyi : i am new to steam . i have never used steam before i bought civ5 last week .
yes , you can . in new game+ , after you acquire your ship , a new ' planet ' is on the planet select screen . this allows you to replay any of the netherverse levels that you have discovered up that point .
only one squad ammo power can be active at a time . you do not need to respec everyone , just respec the people who you would rather have using ammunition other than squad ammo . but no , there is no other way around this .
i just reloaded my game about 10 times trying to figure this out and i have some results . i tested the same 5 colonels , randomly mixing them together in testing , every single one of them was psi gifted , but not every time . it is not determined when the character is created , the fact that the colonel with the lowest will became gifted but only once out of the 10 times points to randomly gifting the soldiers being tested but adding their will score to the roll . simply put , if you want your favorite characters to all be psychics it is easy , it will just take a long time , you will have to put them through testing by themselves or with rookies added in and keep reloading until they become psychic then work on the next character . i have gotten 2 out of the 3 as gifted in about half of the 10 tests , but i was not able to garner a 3 for 3 .
they are single use items and are limited to level 90 characters . also on the island you can find sturdy chest , skull-covered chest , smouldering chest , and blazing chest . these are all single use chests . there are also chests that reset weekly . near the bottom of this wowpedia page , you can find a list these chests . that being said , the best source i can find for this is this comment on wowhead . i would consider it a reliable source , as perculia is the site director for wowhead .
you can create a backup of your data ( through a usb hdd or psn+ ) and then try to fix it if it fails you can restore the data on a new slim , note that copy protected data will not be transferred if you used the hdd method
it is golden , and gives off a power-up like glow that pulses with the music . this helps quite a bit with keeping track of the ship 's location , because none of the enemies fall into that color scheme . it looks different , apart from the color . it is a bit bigger . the turrets are a bit farther apart .
so this is definitely a suppression bug . it seems that if you suppress an alien and then that alien is killed the soldier doing the suppressing will being bugged . they will lose the ability to take cover ( and therefore hunker down ) as well as shoot or heal friendlies . however if you can heal yourself or throw a smoke grenade it seems this will snap your soldier back to reality and he will begin functioning normally . so you should be careful whenever you are doing suppression . be sure you have another ability like heal or smoke or missiles to fix it if it occurs or just do not attack any aliens once you have suppressed them .
yes it is possible as you would find in this link the bee has a chance to be the item of the day in dr . zed 's meds so check the machines often . and so can other weapons , such as the unkempt harold which can be found in torgue 's vending machine as the item of the day . see here .
they get shuffled back into the deck before your cards are drawn again . i have had a case where i put back 2 ironbark protectors and got back 1 on the draw . you not drawing them is just unlucky . edit : according to blizzard , that is not the correct functionality of the mulligan . the correct functionality of mulligans is as follows : you cannot get back the same card you just mulliganed . you can get back a card you mulliganed as your first draw , and you can mulligan into a second copy of a card you have in your deck , but you cannot get back the same card you just mulliganed back into your opening hand . the card you mulligan are indeed still set aside , new cards are drawn from the deck , and the mulliganed cards are shuffled back into the deck . if there are instances where mulligans are not functioning as stated above , those can be considered bugs and should be reported on the bug report forums with as much information as you can provide . source
the lighter your load , the faster your powers cool down . different classes have different max carry capacity , and you can boost it through upgrading their passive class ability . the biggest bonus to power regen speed you can get is +200% , meaning a 9 sec cooldown will be reduced to only 3 seconds . soldiers and vanguards , i believe , have the highest weight capacity , while adepts and engineers have the least . as a sentinel , i have managed to carry along a shotgun , an assault rifle and an smg ( just for kicks , as they are pretty much weightless with the proper mods and upgrades ) while maintaining a respectable power regen bonus ( +180% or so ) . squadmates are unaffected by weapon weight , so feel free to pack them with heavier weapon variants . sniper rifles are the heaviest weapons , followed by shotguns and assault rifles . pistols and smgs are fairly light with a few exceptions . smg weight can be reduced to nearly nothing with appropriate mods and upgrades . there are a few light assault rifles , which also tend to be fairly accurate and stable , making them ideal for shepards .
in general , the next story quest in the chain can usually be picked up from the same npc that you turned in the previous quest to immediately prior . there are a few exceptions , of course , and sometimes there are additional story quests that are picked up from other nearby npcs ( usually in the same room as the main npc ) . if you do manage to lose track of where you are , though , there is a pretty simple way to do figure out what sort of quests are available to you in your current area : the duty recommendations list . you can access the recommendations list through your micro menu 's duty icon ; it is third from the left on the bottom row . selecting " recommendations " will open the list : in this example there are no story quests shown , but if there any quests in your current zone that you have not picked up yet , they will show up on this list . this list will also show you available sidequests , quest objectives , dungeons within your level range , levemetes , and other content that is appropriate for your level in your current zone . clicking any item in the list will show you on your map where you can find that particular thing and/or open the duty finder window . if you do not see any story quests in your current zone , try traveling to another zone that you have been doing stuff in lately ( or zones that the story has you visiting often ) and check the list to see if there is a story quest that you did not know about . if you remember roughly where and when your last story quest took place , you could look it up in the official database , but beware of spoilers , obviously . it is possible to make this list pop up every time you log into the game , and/or when you change zones via character configuration -> ui settings -> duty recommendations .
kayle ' s e is rather complicated . fundamentally , it has 2 parts : the bonus magic damage dealt when attacking , and the splash damage centered on her attack target ( who also suffers from the splash ) . what this means is that each main hit of kayle 's auto-attack ( assuming e is active ) will trigger as an on-hit ability ( rageblade stacks , lifesteal , etc . ) , while the splash hit of kayle ' s auto-attack behaves as a spell ( proccing rylai 's , triggering spellvamp , etc . ) . so while kayle ' s e will work with both rylai 's and spellvamp items , it is only the splash ( that is , the aoe portion ) that triggers it , meaning rylai 's slow is diminished , and spell vamp is less effective ( as with all aoe abilities ) .
officially , the xbox 360 only supports using microsoft 's official xbox 360 hard drives . these are basically laptop hard drives in a special ( xbox specific ) enclosure . using a standard hard drive is not a supported scenario . you could buy a usb enclosure and connect your hard drive that way , however you will only be able to use 16gb of the drive ( that is the maximum size usb drive the xbox would support ) . i think that you can have multiple usb drives connected , so you could in theory partition it into multiple 16gb partitions and see how that works . if you want an xbox 360 with a hard drive , i would suggest buying the 250gb model , since this is generally cheaper than buying the 4gb model and a 250gb hard drive .
by first level , you mean the oswaroth 's battle right ? here is my final combination : hero attack lv+2 2 priest heal lv+2 each 2 fire mage attack lv+2 - hp lv2 each 1 royal guardian hp lv 3 , attack lv 3 i already passed that level . good luck !
a few thoughts : 1 ) ensure your router 's dhcp server is configured to allow enough clients to support all your hardware . if you have 10 clients enabled for dhcp and 11 connections are attempted , it is plausible that one device is grabbing an address and then the ps3 is left waiting for an expired lease . this can happen more often with shorter lease times ( check the lease time and compare to the timing of ps3 's loss of address ) . i like to assign static addresses ( via the router interface , not on each device ) to known devices on my network . 2 ) if the ps3 is spamming for a new lease , the router may be ignoring it by implementing a timeout . the solution might be to disable wifi and wait a few minutes . 3 ) you might have a mixed-network issue . if all of your devices are wireless-g , try setting your router wifi to g only .
to make your webmin run minecraft_server . 1.7.2 . jar : download the jar to your desktop open a terminal run : sudo mv /home/yourusernamehere/Desktop/minecraft_server.1.7.2.jar /usr/local/minecraft/minecraft_server.jar test with the ' minecraft server 1.5' module for webmin execute explanation of task # 3 : sudo -- execute with higher privileges mv -- move file #1 from /location/a/file#1 to /location/b/file#1nameorfile#1renamed judging by the source code in the module provided , this should work . i am not a webmin user , but i do know enough linux to understand what is going on under the hood aka ' to be dangerous ' . please note : the module only provides 1gb of ram to minecraft by default , if you find yourself needing more open the wbm and locate the line similar to : java_args=-Xms1G -Xmx1G -D and change it to java_args=-Xms4G -Xmx4G -D for 4gb of ram allocation to minecraft or to have a range : java_args=-Xms1G -Xmx4G -D which will give you a minimum of 1gb but no more than 4gb . to manually install the module : download from here : http://download.webmin.com/download/modules/minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz unpack on desktop and make modifications above repack the archive ( cd ~/Desktop; rm ~/Desktop/minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz; gzip minecraft-1.5.wbm; mv minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz minecraft.wbm.gz ) goto webmin click " webmin configuration " click " webmin modules " click the radio button for " from local file " click the ellipsis at the end of the " from local file " line and select the modified minecraft . wbm . gz click " install module " steps written from memory , so compression may be different as everyone does not use the same desktop manager/window manager . please comment if you have an issue with a particular step . automatically updating minecraft server for webmin : soon to be built using wget and a bash script will updating affect my minecraft world ? only as much as the update affects the game . built structures should be okay . how do i host it publically ? noip . com free dns . do not worry about ip addresses . port forward is a thing . in ubuntu linux distributions : ufw may cause you grief . should i worry about something else ? security questions ubuntu based questions programming/scripting questions other linux distribution questions where do i get minecraft server ? are you affliated with any company listed ? no i am not , but they are very reliable resources , until noip shuts down free managed dns hosting .
class specific weapons can provide some class only enchantments that you cannot get on standard weapons . whether or not this is worth a trade off for damage , that is entirely up to you to decide . for instance , you can find a demon hunter only 1 handed crossbow that provides hatred regeneration or a wand for mages that provides improved arcane pool . like james mentioned in his answer , the demon hunter is the only class that has a unique situation where you must have a ranged weapon equipped or you can not use his ranged attack skills . and his one handed crossbow is the only ranged weapon you can dual wield .
synergy was hijacking the shift key . quitting synergy solved the issue .
it turns out that my thinking was exactly the opposite of what the game designers intended : when the boss raises his shield , you will only take damage if you strike it again . so , the correct move is to mute the string .
later on , on the main story line , the cage doors will be opened for you by an npc . there is no way ( short of hacking ) that will permit you sooner . the cage will be opened when roland is captured by the enemy , in a cutscene .
new texture sets char fortress ( volcanic ) char marsh daelaam ark ( starship ) immortal forge ( space platform ) kaldir ( ice ) korhal city korhal platform korhal wastes moros ( installation ) phaeton ( desert ) skygeirr lab ( space platform ) skygeirr platform ( space platform ) umoja ( installation ) zerus ( jungle ) new objects this list is huge , so instead i will tell you how to find what items were added or modified . open the sc2 map editor , and choose a new document . select arcade map , choose the heart of the swarm dependencies , include campaign data . you can pick any map for this , it does not chage what models are available . hit f7 to open the data tool . right next to the search bar you can select your data source to narrow down the list of items it gives you . choose swarm . sc2mod or swarm . sc2campaign to see the list of all items that were added or modified . editor updates all the hots editor functionality updates and bug fixes were rolled into wol as well , so there are not any hots updates that you would not get in this category if you do not buy hots . however , there were a ton of updates made when hots released . general a new preload info dialog has been added for defining game data , asset files , and banks to be preloaded in-game . this is accessible from the map/mod menus in all modules . added color preferences for text preview display . the arcade info dialog has been renamed tbattle .netinfo . this info is now available for non-arcade maps as well . new sc2interface files : mods can now optionally be saved as sc2interface files as long as they don’t have any data which affects gameplay . mod gameplay/interface status can be checked using the mod > mod status window . new export locales and import locales commands have been added . these are available under the map/mod > locales sub-menu . these can be used to export and import localized text to and from text files . the dependency dialog now includes a display of the full dependency chain resulting from the requested dependencies . dependency reference checking and validation now accounts for the full chain properly in all cases . the dependency dialog now issues a warning when multi mods are used in conjunction with story mods . these are designed to be mutually exclusive and could cause a variety of problems in game when combined . added toolbar button size preference . automatic backups for documents saved as component lists will now properly save multiple backup files . tutorial game variant will not be changed when other variants are added or removed . fixed various issues with downloading dependency data from battle .netwhen opening a document . fixed issues with team settings in variants for maps with a large number of players . fixed an issue where the editor could crash if the user’s build was not completely downloaded . ai module a new attack wave graphs window is now available from the data menu , for visualizing attack wave cost/supplies vs . time . cutscene module added cutscene frames . cutscene frames are dialog items you can play a cutscene in . new properties have been added : animation element : right-aligned : animations can now specify that they always end at the end of the block . weight : the blend value for this animation block . director node : reverb : the reverb to set while playing back the cutscene . auto destroy on end : when disabled , the cutscene will not be destroyed when it ends , but instead it will pause on the final frame . sound node : non-seeking : if enabled , causes the sound to not change its current time when the current time jumps . speaker mix : you can now set and animate the speaker mix values . fade node priority : allows you to specify the priority level of a fade when multiple scenes attempt to control fade . terrain is now automatically imported when starting the cutscene module . active light nodes will now search for a light suffixed with "_low " if graphics options are set to medium or low . new icons added for all node types ! added a new " time follows edits " mode under the edit menu that causes the timeline cursor to always follow the edited block . sound improvements : added sound group nodes : these folder-like nodes allow you to add sound nodes to them then set properties for all sounds inside the group at once . volume and pitch properties are now treated as multipliers instead of absolute values . setting sound index t-1 now causes it to pick a new variation each time it plays . sounds now properly fade out after their blocks end . sounds can now specify active shots . value changes that represent less than 0.1% of a difference no longer create new keys in auto key mode . you can now add multiple cutscene filters when playing back a cutscene . cutscenes are now played back in replays . fixed several issues related to undo/redo . fixed several issues related to element linking . you can now place or move objects at height zero if there is no terrain visible . actors with conversation nodes will now animate when not in view , allowing dialog to play at the correct time . active light elements no longer change the light one frame late . you can now chain together bookmark jumps . you can no longer use non-ascii characters in cutscene names or bookmark names . you can no longer rename the ( previewer ) scene . scenes with very large linking webs should now load much faster . fixed a bug where models would sometimes continue to draw when switching cutscenes . editing curve values should now preserve custom curve tangents . previewing from other modules will now set the cutscene module back to the ( previewer ) scene . data module added the data navigator window . this new window visualizes how objects are linked to one another . each tab in the data module now remembers its own view mode . model preview panes now animate with the model 's default animation , making effects easier to identify . new data types have been added : herd , herd node user type fields defining user links can optionally specify a required user type added a new select in palette command . added f2 support for renaming objects . “show advanced values” is now “show basic field labels” . instead of hiding advanced fields , it adds “ ( basic ) ” to the name of basic fields and sorts them to the top . fixed size arrays are now edited as one control for each array entry rather than using a list-based ui . “show default values” is now “sort fields by source” . instead of hiding default values , it will sort values in the order : active document , user mod , blizzard mod , core mod . added field hint tooltips to dropdowns for enum type fields . structure sub-fields now properly display composite field hint tooltips . many new field hints added for abilities , actors , effects , and units . ability and weapon arc data values now accept 360 as values . overview manager added a new jump to instances command in the context menu for jumping from function definition to corresponding calls . added a new show global links only option in the view menu for seeing global trigger elements directly in the used by links . terrain module a new diamond region shape has been added . a new diagonal selection option has been added in the tools menu for selecting objects and terrain along the diagonal grid . a new view option has been added for displaying normal/upgraded creep , under view > show terrain > show creep upgraded . units marked as initially hidden will use an alpha fade effect in the editor display . palette existing objects lists now include a group filter and column , and context menus for add to group and remove from group . the water palette now includes a height slider for adjusting the height of the current water template . no fly zones now have three color states : normal ( no overlap ) , overlap ( hard radii overlap ) , and warning ( only soft radii overlap ) . for best pathing performance , avoid the warning state . foliage density maximum reduced to 2.0 per cell . anything larger than this significantly impacts game performance . added " force occlusion hide " to placed doodads , which forces doodads to be transparent if units are behind it . painted pathing visibility is now properly tied to visibility of the pathing layer . distance measurement now accounts for ramps properly . trigger module added a preview button for previewing sounds directly from parameter dialog . a view history navigation option , including back and forward commands , is now available from view > history sub-menu . a new explorer view has been added for seeing global elements referenced by the currently selected element , available under view > show explorer . a new smart group display has been added , which opens a second group only when an element is explicitly viewed via double-click or view selection command . this is toggled under view > show groups . libraries defined in the active document are now shown in the triggers list rather than the libraries list . the libraries list will only contain read-only dependency libraries . elements can now be dragged and dropped from one library to another . this will include updating all usage of those elements in the active document . a new view option has been added for setting default input focus on search fields vs . lists , available under view > view options > default focus on search fields . eliminated excessive delays when modifying functions which are heavily used in the document . comments can now be moved/pasted into switch cases . ability commands using any or all sub-types will now show all possible parameter values . unit trigger events now properly handle using a unit array element for the unit parameter . last created functions now return an empty value if the last creation failed , rather than the result of the previous creation . invalid effect ids will no longer be treated as " any effect " in events . data conversations with choices will now run properly in game , as long as cinematic mode is enabled . fixed an out of memory crash that could occur when adding a region to itself using triggers . it is now possible to copy triggers across libraries inside the same mod .
if you look at the hud when playing the game , you will notice icons above your exp bar as zero . one is your kill skill and should have the same icon as the skill in the skill tree . when it activates , it'll show up for the duration of the kill skill , then disappear when it is done . kill skills stack with other kill skills , but do not stack with themselves , only refresh the timer . you will get a similar thing with zero 's move like water skill . when you attack with a melee weapon , you will see an icon in the middle of the exp bar show up and start to tick down . this is how long you have to make a ranged attack to get the bonus from move like water .
on the wikia about the wall of flesh it states : on the mobile version , killing the wall of flesh does not start hard mode .
the purple fin . you can obtain it the same way you got the other fins . just keep going in the sea until you find the purple finned shark . you will probably need the pink gloves and unicorn horn to survive that long , but you already have those . it'll appear roughly around the point where there is 2 sea snakes and 3 sharks on screen at any one time .
if a creeper is standing in water , then the blast damage is restricted to the water . so you can have water for the mobs to stand in , and if one accidentally blows up then you are not totally screwed with a broken trap , but it will kill the other mobs in the trap . this is mine :
sapphire crystal is one of the ingredients for catalyst . you can purchase the full recipe at any time , and it will automatically subtract the cost of materials you already own from the purchase price of the recipes and use those rather than new materials .
i think it refers to " attack move " when you click ( or press keyboard key " a" ) attack , then click somewhere on the map , your units will move there and engage anything they find along in the way . this is ( in most of the cases ) better than simply moving , since your units will retaliate to enemies instead of just walking into their fire . btw this strategy is a keypoint is the vast majority of rts games ever created
you can plant flowers simply by picking up flowers that have grown on their own with the y button , moving to a new location , and going into the inventory and planting them from there .
it seems indeed that there is a bug related to thieves guild leadership : if the player completes the main story arc before doing the side and improvement quests for vex and delvin , brynjolf may not interact with the player and instead repeat that he is busy and that he will talk to you later . consequently , becoming the guildmaster will be rendered impossible . this may be a part of a bug where karliah disappears and does not appear in either the nightingale hall or the twilight sepulcher . she does , however , return to the snow veil sanctum where you first encounter her . possible fix : run outside when finishing your first interaction with brynjolf . you need to run outside as quick as possible by going to the ladder and exiting . you should see the quest update pop up reading : " started under new management " . afterward , go back inside and proceed to brynjolf . to talk to brynjolf , let him go to the middle of the cistern first , and wait . he then should start talking to you , finishing the quest . if this does not resolve the issue , it may be worth it to try attacking them , paying the reparations , and trying again . another possible fix is to get the quest about fixing debt from the guy at the riften stables . the player will be told to talk to sapphire . instead , sapphire should be sitting on the bridge just inside riften and when approached will say " i do not have any business with you . " or " we will talk after the ceremony . " attack her 3 times , and this should cause her to start attacking the player notifying them that " under new management " has been completed and that the player should talk to brynjolf . upon entering the ragged flagon , the player will be required to pay 1000 gold to vex as reparations for killing a fellow thieves guild member . after doing so , speak with brynjolf and the questline should be completed . as a last resort , you can use the console to fix this issue : setstage tgleadership 0
i am fairly sure discovering new effects gives you the biggest boost to your alchemy skill , but throwing together your own potions is gonna be effective , of course . my strategy has been to go out and collect too many ingredients and then head to an alchemy table and just start throwing stuff together . generally , i try to put ingredients that i know a lot of effects with ingredients that i know zero or one effects . this way , i have a better chance of matching something . eating ingredients will uncover the first effect . oh , and you could always train from a specialist and then kill them and recollect your gold . but that is limited to fives times per level . this wiki is a great source : http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:alchemy
the easiest/cheapest/fastest way to level enchanting is to enchant IRON DAGGERS and HIDE BRACERS buy all the iron ingots and all leather and strips the smith has each time you visit after the 2 day rest/wait . make iron daggers and hide bracers . DAGGERS = 1 iron ingot and 1 leather strip . HIDE BRACERS = 2 leather strips and 1 leather . sell all bracers you make back to the smith but save all iron daggers and drop them off at your enchanting table for later . when you are ready at your enchanting table , select your daggers , then select , say , fire damage , then select it again for the highest amount of charges . the amount it shows is your maximum potential at your current levels/perks . ( i use fire damage because they sell well . ) select your soul gem , use from lowest to highest . there is no need to use anything higher than common . you do not get more leveling credit for using higher gems like a black or grand . you get the same credit regardless . collect all the lowest level gems you can , bind souls to them , then rinse and repeat the above .
so there seems to be a bunch of misinformation going on here , mostly around how dangerous a 7 roach rush is . i have run it a number of times , especially on very fast maps and i will tell you right now : it is very weak . the build itself as others have pointed out even though his roaches finish around 4:40 his push does not come to ~5:30 . for people comfortable with 3 rax timing pushes at 6:00 , this should feel very manageable . what is worse , is that if you commit to this rush you are left with 16 drones around the 5:30 minute mark . that is usually an economic loss which is almost impossible to come back from . what usually scares people is that a zerg player is being very aggressive early in the game , and its something most players are not used to . where as early zergling play is usually handled by a wall off , no similar option exists for roaches . what is more with their longer range roaches can now pick off wall ins with out taking damage . finally , the roach den itself does not go down till 3:45 , so unless you have blind committed to 2 gate or void rays , there really is not an opportunity to switch your build . this also means that he has every opportunity to switch out of his roach rush by spotting an early second gate ( or starport ) . while that may seem scary try to remember that roaches themselves are only really strong against zealots and marines , and very weak against zerglings , stalkers and marauders , so most standard builds will actually have decent forces in place to deal with this . unless you are trying for some crazy zealot or marine only push what you build in the natural course of a 3 rax , 3 gate , or speedlings , should actually be enough . story time let 's take an example : let 's say my brother is player zerg . my brother is not great so he goes 14 gas 14 pool without ever scouting , delayed expansion on 22 , and does not even notice the roaches till they are moving out at 4:40 . so he cancels his expo , throws down 3 spine crawlers and pumps zerglings . . . you know when he remembers to , so like at 5:03 . now he is playing on steps of war , the map with the smallest rush distance where you really have to scout , so the rush arrives at 5:20 ! his spine crawlers are not finished , and to make matters worse , his opponent has squeezed out a magical 8th roach . now my brother kind of sucks so he does not even really micro he just sends in his zerglings + queen , while the roaches take out one of the still building spinecrawlers and are even reinforced by a 9th roach ! and what happens ? he does not even spend those 5 extra larva on zerglings , but opts for workers instead . now , my brother is ahead on workers , has those two spine crawlers he can use to discourage a second wave of roaches and can expand since he has 400 minerals . . . that baddy . when i say 7 roach rush is weak i really mean it . its not the sort of thing you even need to really make a special build for , any " normal " play really counters it . let me shift gears for a moment but tzenes . . . i am a super ultra mega baddy who is even worse than your brother . . . what can i do ? the reason many lower level players like the 7 roach rush is because its really spelled out for them . Do X at time Y . very easy to execute . by comparison saying something like : Just go 14 gas, 14 pool and build a bunch of Spine Crawlers when he leaves his base... you should be fine is not easy to execute . it leaves out important details like : build your queen as soon as the spawning pool finishes , zergling speed will finish right as your first larval injection does and most importantly if he goes around to your workers instead of your spine crawlers , just pull the workers away , let your 10 extra zerglings finish and then you can catch him in the open and speedlings destroy roaches in the open . so where do you learn these things you ask ? by polishing a build order . if your build order is polished , you will not be waiting an extra 23 seconds to even start your first wave of zerglings like my brother did . you will not be supply blocking yourself at 26 , and you will get a third wave of zerglings while the roaches are attacking . so my advice to you is : go download yabot , and fear 7 roach rush no more .
from the official wiki : work towards achievements ; they unlock new plants/animals/projects , which in turn lead to better resources ! doing enough achievements/developments will unlock the next tier . source : http://wiki.reusgame.com/index.php?title=walkthrough under beginner tips .
as far as i know this only depends on who is able to see the purchase event of your friend . it might be that he set it to " friends only " , so this would mean only his friends can see your comment as well . i do not think there is any added setting to determine who is able to see the actual comment ( not considering it is parent " node" ) . you can only limit on who is able to see the whole thing and who is able to comment , but not who is able to read comments . so if you had like to add something like " eew you just bought limited activations arkham city powered by securom " , anyone seeing that activity entry would see that note as well . in the end , do not say anything you do not want to land in public some time , cause you never know his settings ( and they might change as well ) . if you had like to ask some personal/private question or anything like that , rather use the chat feature or drop a mail .
if you use signs , you can place signs on other signs and just cover the area needed . there is no way to use less than 1 sign per block though .
they are all fixed amounts : vampire rune = gives 2 hp for every kill siphon rune = gives 2 mp for every kill balance rune = gives 1 hp and 1 mp for kill ( . 5 vampire and . 5 siphon ) and they do stack , with each other or themselves , with each one giving the same fixed amounts .
the chance that an embark square has no rock at all , especially in df2010 is very small . you might just have to dig deeper or farther . see exploratory mining for more information . if , on the other hand , there are indeed no rocks , you can always trade for them and rock items you might need . for most things however you should be able to make do with wooden items .
the deathlord used disarming shout . you weapon will be on the floor where you were disarmed , although it is possible it fell through the world per this post .
you can easily check the base stats of each character under the " status " menu , in " tactics . " i am currently playing through at level 13 , so my stats may differ from yours ; however , the base values for my current party are as follows : tiz : str 16 vit 16 int 15 mnd 16 dex 16 agi 14 agnes : str 14 vit 14 int 17 mnd 17 dex 14 agi 13 ringabel : str 15 vit 15 int 16 mnd 14 dex 17 agi 17 edea : str 17 vit 17 int 14 mnd 15 dex 15 agi 14 so as you can see , edea is suited to be a fighter-type ; ringabel , to be a faster type , a la thief or ninja ; agnes is best as a mage ; and tiz is an all-rounder with slight leanings toward mind-type or strength-type jobs . edit to add : however , the other poster is indeed correct that the difference is pretty small , and mostly insignificant . as a minmaxer , though , the difference between 17 base dex and 14 base dex is pretty huge early in the game .
right now there are 3 editions on the market : 360 arcade 360 elite 360 slim now the slim is replacing the elite , so that one will be phased out . there is also plans for a slim arcade version which will phase out the arcade . as a result neither the arcade nor the elite are currently in production . the major difference between the elite and the arcade is the presence of a hard drive . while the arcade does have a small amount of on board memory , it is not much . additionally , the elite comes with a headset and ethernet cable . the new slim also comes with hard drive , headset , but lacks the ethernet cable in favor of built in wifi ( which must be purchased separately for arcade and elite ) . you can still find the standard elite with 120gb hd or 250gb hd and 1 or 2 controllers ( all others come with just 1 controller ) . it is worth noting that the slim is branded as elite , even though it is different than the current elite you can find on the market . the noticeable difference is the slim being smaller and having a less rounded exterior .
one for all : leaguecraft . i practically learned play league of legends keeping that site on my browser and playing lol in window mode . there tons of good guides , divided by champion . each guide is voted by community so you can immediately distinguish between useful and garbage . and in addition every guide is linked to a patch version , so you know if they are outdated . in addition you can check builds for league of legends at moba fire and another useful source of tips on specific champion styles and builds is of course the official forum na or eu .
well , i guess i am going just chalk this one up to lag . between someone 's suggestion on here , and low mob encounters in general on that server . . . thanks to all that tryed to figure this one out with me .
you are in luck : the xbox engineering team posted about this just today : achievements unlocked . the basic idea is that the achievement is added to your local profile , which is marked as dirty . the next time that you connect to live with that profile , it syncs up with the copy of your profile on microsoft 's servers .
you can not pick up the gold directly . your heroes are the ones who go and loot it . once they loot it , they will spend it on gear and potions ( and some of it comes as tax as well i think ) . thieves and rangers are the best for this task as they will do more wandering than the warrior and are faster .
from your steam library , right click on a game and select " create desktop shortcut . " you can then drag the shortcut onto your start menu . if you just drop it here , it will become " pinned " to the start menu , and you can access it quickly . if you hold your cursor over " all programs " for a couple of seconds , the menu will expand . you can then drop it into any of the folders , or leave it in the root of the " all programs " listing . if you want , you can also open the start menu 's folder , and organize it with windows explorer . where you had normally type to search , type %appdata% and hit enter . this will take you to the following directory : C:\Users\(Your Username)\AppData\Roaming\  then navigate to : microsoft -> windows -> start menu -> programs any shortcuts you drop into this folder will show up on your start menu , and any folders you create here will be created on your start menu as well . note that steam shortcuts are protocol shortcuts - like links to urls , and not program shortcuts - like links to an application . if you move your steam installation , they will not need to be updated . however , if you uninstall steam , shortcuts to your non-steam games that were created through steam will probably cease to function .
xm charge , portal level and nearby targets will determine whether to try hacking a portal before taking it down . is it a high level portal that will zap you for lots of xm , and you might run out of xm before destroying it or have other targets to attend to ? in this case , do not hack while unfriendly . otherwise , esp . for portals that need a lot of repositioning and you will take almost 5 mins to kill them , always hack before attacking . followed by another hack after all deployments are done . never hack when its neutral or has just 1 resonator , unless you are fond of l1 items ; ) why would you claim all portals before hacking one ? you get 4 hacks , one every 5 mins . it is better to work on burning out portals you captured earlier while you attack remaining targets , unless you plan to do 20+ mins of hacking at the end . when initially claiming a portal , are there any strategies to have a better chance of walking away with keys when you are done ? see is there a way to increase the odds of getting a portal key ? in the case of acquiring portals , remember that attacking a higher level portal before you capture it might give higher level items , but overall less chance of any items . thus , i expect that for keys its better to hack after it is captured , if you have to choose between the two .
your hanar 's fate is sealed until such time as ea releases a patch repairing this bug . using the saved game editor is an option , but as always it presents the risk of having your copy bumped out of multiplayer or may mess up the ph balance in your pool . i experienced this bug and will be sure to avoid it in my 2nd play through , but for now there is nothing that can be done .
spore pods explode when you get near them , and do considerable damage . gestation pods release a little swarmer if you get near them , which is not really dangerous in and of itself , but they can keep your shields from recharging . since you really do not get anything per-kill in this game ( except for achievements ) , you might be tempted ignore both types unless you are going to be getting close to them for some reason . ( either pickups behind them , or they block the way forward ) however , i would suggest ending all of them - but you may wish to conserve flamethrower ammo and use your powers instead . i find shockwave does a decent job against the pods and the webbing that blocks your path in areas . also note that even if you manage to snake your way through a whole group of them , your ai squadmates will still bumble into them on their own , which means damage and tiny bugs regardless .
when you first meet the old man , he should give you a little bitty bathysphere , which allows you take non-water breathing familiars underwater at the cost of -20 pounds . after retrieving the old man 's boot , you have the option of receiving the das boot familiar equipment , which also allows non-water breathing familiars to adventure underwater with a reduced cost of -10 pounds . another way to adventure with your familiar underwater without a penalty to familiar weight is to use willyweed , which is an item that your penpal can send to you . this , however , is a limited-turn item effect unlike the familiar equipment .
a game purchased via origin 's in-application store will be automatically activated against your account upon the completion of payment . games purchased from a store in a physical box are activated against your account once you complete the ' redeem product code ' process in the origin application . to claim the free game from ea , you must have registered simcity on your origin account before the 26th march 2013 . once you have successfully activated simcity , to claim your free game all you need to do is start origin . if this does not work , then starting the simcity launcher and then exiting it will bring up the free game redemption screen . you will be presented with the following screen ; simply click ' get free game ' to proceed , this will open up a new screen within the origin application listing the games that are available to redeem ; remember that you must claim your free game by the 31st march 2013 , otherwise you will miss out !
you must be a champion ( beat the elite four and champion then resume playing ) , get the mega ring upgrade by doing a battle mansion event then battling your rival and meeting sycamore in anistar city , and then visit lumiose city again . looker called me almost immediately after entering the city , and reentering the city will usually trigger his calls to start the next " chapter " of looker events .
there are a few differences that are known and probably more as well : higher difficulties mean higher tier loot . jay wilson stated that over 70% of all of the armor items in the game cannot even be found in normal difficulty . so as the difficulty raises so do the armor tiers . one can assume 4 per act totaling 16 tiers . remember , tiers do not necessarily mean better , just different looking . as the difficulty increases , the boss monsters become more powerful . more specifically , in each difficulty , the monsters gain one more special ability . by inferno , they can have up to 4 special attributes which can make them very difficult to take down . more obviously , the standard enemies will scale with the difficulty . this video says that monsters scale much like they do in diablo 2 . they all have set stats which they carry with them as they level . the monsters also have more awareness and abilities as they scale through the difficulties . also , you progress through the difficulties , you can upgrade your artisans more through items that drop only in higher difficulties . however , as noted by @kexlox you can also buy the tomes from the ah and upgrade your artisans early . keep in mind while playing that normal is made to basically be the tutorial and break you into the game . experienced d2 players will cut through normal with ease . as you progress , the game does get very difficult , and you will be wearing your butt on your head once you reach inferno . inferno was basically built to murder you . jay wilson stated that they took the hardest difficulty that their testers could handle and agreed was fair and they doubled it . from brysonic 's answer - the difficulty also scales by having additional players affect monster hp . monster damage used to scale , but no longer does as of patch 1.0.3 . note : because of patch 1.04 monster health per additional player now is not effected by difficulty . here is a table showing the amount of scaling that occurs based on the number of players in the game : this table is now technically useless , but i will leave it here as a placeholder .
it does not seem to matter how fast you beat on them to determine the quality of the overall drops . the most important thing is to actually kill them before they open a portal and escape . the last drops upon death ( and possibly right before death ) are magic items , as opposed to gold , so it is well worth making certain you kill them . there are different types of treasure goblins , and they seem to have different qualities of loot . i encountered a treasure pygmy during act 3 of normal , and , despite not killing him particularly quickly ( certainly not as fast as i had killed some early treasure goblins ) , i had the extreme fortune of having 3 rare items drop from him . i am not certain if this is simply an extremely lucky coincidence , or if the quality of the drops was influenced by the particular monster title . edit : i just encountered a treasure goblin much later in act 3 , and he dropped 4 regular magic items ( no rares ) , even though i beat him down much faster than the treasure pygmy . this seems to corroborate the idea that the treasure pygmy may simply be a rarer , better version of the treasure goblin . edit : after quite a few more tests , ranging from chasing the treasure goblin ( of a number of varieties ) around , to beating them down before they could move more than a few yards , to killing them moments before they step through a portal , there is absolutely no discernible difference in the quantity or quality of items they drop . they always drop 1-4 magic items , plus gold , gems , and crafting pages/tomes ( if you are high enough level for gems and/or crafting pages/tomes to drop ) .
as of 2.0.1 . ( maybe even few patches earlier ) there is no more retrain button , you can now freely choose skills for your follower . meaning , if you do not like the chosen skill , you can simply click on the other one to activate it . changing skills has no cooldown and can be done anytime , even in combat . but it will not reset the actual cooldown on skill to prevent abuse .
according to this blog , the zynga support team is aware of this bug . some players cannot complete the westside wharf mission " give the harbor master some product containers " . when they collect all ten of the product containers , and give them to the harbor master , the mission only shows partial credit . we will work to get this mission fixed as soon as possible . thanks for your patience ! --the mafia wars 2 support team
no , blizzard said they have no official support for modifying the game , and doing that yourself is against the terms of service and could lead to your account getting removed . in addition , because of the client-server nature of the game , there is a severe limitation on what one can change anyway .
the "72 xp needed " means that it will take another 72xp to upgrade the skill to the next percentage point . so if your skill was at 11% , then it would take 72xp to get the skill to 12% too increase the 1st skill perk to 100% from 0% , you will need a total of total of 210,484 xp . the world of tanks wiki describes it in detail : " it is important to recognize two facts about the amount of xp required to increase training level . first , the total amount of experience required to achieve a 100% training level in the 1st skill or perk is double that required to increase the major qualification to 100% . this doubling occurs each time with each new skill or perk . training the 2nd skill or perk to 100% requires double the amount of xp that the 1st skill or perk requires , the 3rd requires double the xp of the 2nd and so on . to increase the training level of the:"
are you sure you actually own it ? if there is an enemy-controlled ( or even neutral -controlled fort / town in the area , all of the mine 's production will go to them , unless you have got a hero constantly sitting on top of the mine . what week is it ? certain weeks can cause resource or creature surplus / shortfalls . has an enemy hero plundered / sabotaged a mine ? that could prevent production also . there are also occasions were , sporadically , crystal production drops to zero due to bugs . if none of the above , you might try reloading the game , which will cause crystal production to resume if it has stopped from the bug .
hold down ctrl while hitting the hotkey for that skill to level it up .
there is no way to determine what decisions you made in past games once you are actually playing the game , except by viewing the outcomes of those decisions . for example : if you converted the heretic geth in me2 , then you will face more resistance in the geth related missions , but upon completion , if you have the geth on your side , they will be stronger . there are just too many variables for them to list them all , and even the decisions they show you when importing your file are only a few important ones out of the many .
the behaviour of the eater of worlds has been changed in the 1.0.5 version of terraria . i cannot find an explicit reference to the behaviour change in the changelog , but the following line could be interpreted that way : changed the way worm enemies spawn . the wikis do not seem to have been updated yet , but i have observed that you can no longer fight the eater of worlds in any biome other than corruption . if you move away from a corrupted area during the fight , you will see the eater of worlds has been slain ! message . if you managed to destroy any of the segments before you received that message , the loot that was dropped will still be there ( unless you have saved and exited the game ) , so you can go back and pick it up . however , if you moved off the corruption without destroying any of the segments , i am afraid that no loot will have been dropped . update : with the 1.0.6 version of terraria , you should no longer see this message in this scenario , and should instead be notified that the eater of worlds has fled . from the 1.0.6 changelog : npc bug fixes eow is no longer " defeated " when he flees .
your screenshot is missing a few blocks on the lefthand side . there are supposed to be four erasable blocks to the top left corner of the screen ( as opposed to one on your screenshot ) to start with . do not erase them with your light source for this particular method . here is how to get to the part with the secret ' thumb up ' constellation in the castle cave level . place a vertical light source below , but to the immediate left of the aforementioned four blocks . the beam should be just tall enough for you to jump onto the platform formed by the blocks . turn off the beam . now jump and while in the air , place a new horizontal light source on the first vertical part of the wall above the platform . jump into the beam . while in the beam , jump again and throw a second horizontal light source onto the second vertical part of the wall above the platform . this might take a few attempts to get the right distance and timing , but overall it is not that difficult . once the second light source lands on the right surface , jump into it . now you should be able to then hop onto the curved surface that leads to the constellation . the rest should be self-explanatory . there was a video on youtube that shows the exact method i described , but the account it is listed under just got deleted literally a few hours ago . here is one that shows an alternate method that does not rely on the four-block platform and is very similar to the method that you were using in the screenshot . all credits go to the uploader of this video . fast forward to about the 1:00 mark :
dungeon rewards count only when you actually complete the dungeon . this includes achievements , as well as monetary and xp rewards . so in your hypothetical case , above , it would count for the 18th of january .
the staff of magnus is a quest item during the mages ' guild questline , but after that it is just another staff . it is possible you sold it , dropped it , or stuck it somewhere you will never find it . you could always give yourself a new one with the console command : player . additem 00035369 1 alternatively , you could just skip the staff altogether . i believe you are playing the " aftershock " radiant quest that pops up after the guild questline is over . the staff is not required for these quests - despite what you are told when you accept it . in my game , i stumbled upon the rupture without ever being told there were any , and closed it with my standard equipment . the uesp has a note confirming this . just kill the magic anomalies by whatever method works best for you , and you will be just fine .
for the pc version of the game , experience is shared for all kills . so all kills will give all players the same amount of xp , regardless of who killed them . the experience page on the wikia supports this : on the pc version , experience from killing creatures is shared among the entire party .
a simple way would be to keep trying till you destroy everything . note that you can use some of the other birds before using the eagle ! however , there is a "4-stars " score for each level , invisible to you . ( see : eagle score on this angrybirdsnest post ) . you have to reach that score with the eagle to get 100% . the percentage of that score you get is the percentage shown to you . note that just like with regular scores , how the bricks fall affects the points/percentage you get , and not just how much you destroy . spoiler : check out this youtube video for an example of how to get 100%: note that there are some differences between the mighty eagle and the space eagle : [ u ] sing a space eagle doesn’t automatically wipe out all the pigs . instead , you have to pick the perfect spot to fling the can of sardines , and the space eagle will appear in a wormhole of destruction that pops all the pigs around it . but don’t worry , space eagles travel in flocks -- so if your first try doesn’t do the job , bring on another space eagle ! unlike the mighty eagle , there are no time restrictions on use , and you can use several per level .
it is the percentage of guardians that can be found in that zone that are in your catalogue so far . confirmed in several zones against catalogue counts .
nope ! it is completely cosmetic . i believe it has some built in functionality that can be used in custom games ( veterancy ) but the number of kills has no effect in either the single player campaign or multiplayer ladder .
you can make pain au chocolait and get 15% power , health or magic . they stack .
this is not possible and basically useless , because in case of magic items the item 's names are generic ( they always consist of the general item name and additional , randomized , terms that depend on the attributes , such as " sword of vampirism " or " sword of the leech " for a weapon with life-steal ) and also , magic items with different values can have the same names . in case of rare 's it does not really make sense either , since there is a huge range of rare names for weapons with the same attributes and bonuses . if you look for a rare with a certain name , you might be missing out on a differently named item , that has better stats at the same cost . because of this , there is a specific option included in the auction house search function to search for stats that you want to have on your item . if you want an estimate off the amount of gold you can charge , you should better look for items with the same attributes as yours .
streetpass relay points only store data from one system at a time for each game . let 's assume you and john only have mii plaza games in common . john tags the relay first , and it saves his data , but does not send him anything . then you tag the relay and get john 's data . if you tag the relay the next day and john has tagged it again in the meantime , you will get john 's latest tag , but if you were the last one to tag the relay then you will not get anything . now let 's say you and i both have game xyz ( with streetpass functionality ) and john does not . you tag the relay first and get nothing , but the relay stores your data for mii plaza and xyz . then john tags the relay and gets your data for mii plaza . then , if i tag the relay , i will get your data for xyz and john 's data for mii plaza . the data does not expire ( as far as nintendo has disclosed ) . so if you tag the relay today , no one tags it for an entire year , and then john tags it after that , he should still get your data . i hope that helps . also , here 's nintendo 's explanation : http://www.nintendo.com/3ds/nintendozone?relay=on
they do . medium wealth workers do work medium wealth jobs . what is not the case though is that medium wealth properties only contain medium wealth jobs/goods . residents do fit this bill and medium wealth properties will provide medium wealth workers . but industry and commerce buildings run the gambit of jobs they offer , not just one or the other . for a more detailed break down of what type of buildings offer jobs for what wealth levels take a peek at this question here : what type of buildings offer what level of jobs ? .
it could be one of two things : the follower you are using , or what you are doing when you get there . i noticed some of the followers would not do what you needed them to do . one example being one of the dark brotherhood initiates . i have found it works best with one of the mercenaries you can hire from one of the main cities . i used the one in solitude . a nice list put together by the guys at segmentnext can be found here . it shows where they are and what their names are . when you get to the shrine with your follower , you want to talk to them and use the option " i need you to do something . " your cursor will then change , as will the action you are performing . simply look at the shrine , and it should say " activate sacrifical altar " or something along those lines . an animation should show your follower walking to it , and then being attached to it . from there , simply kill them by any means , the sacrificial dagger works , but is not required .
while in regular form , there is not a whole lot of difference between werewolves and non-werewolves , but when you transform , you get a ton of benefits and drawbacks : benefits increased max health by 100 ( non-regenerating ) increased max stamina by 100 faster sprint speed wolves no longer attack you committing crimes in beast form do not count against your normal form immunity to all diseases , including vampirism ( also cures vampirism if you have it ) special , werewolf-only abilities like howls drawbacks no looting no inventory or equipment access no talking people either run away from you , cower , or attack you ( no friendly humanoid npcs ) if someone sees you transform , it is automatically a crime no rested bonus if caught transforming in public it is 1,000 gold bounty to pay
most of the claws lose their quest item status ( if they ever have it at all ) when you complete their respective dungeon 's quest . if you choose to re-steal the golden claw , for instance , it will be a normal ( albeit stolen ) item that can be pawned off to a fence for quick cash . collectors might be inclined to display them in their house - there is at least 3 more claws out there in skyrim , but at the end of the day , they are just loot . and what you do with your loot is your prerogative !
you can talk to them and ask them to trade , the usual trading menu opens up and you can give them your stuff ( by hovering the mouse over ( or selecting ) them and pressing E , or take them from them ( by doing the same but pressing R )
for most of the bpo you do not need any skills to research them , except laboratory operation for more slots . however , some more advanced bpo require you to have certain skills , as listed below : research metallurgy electronic engineering graviton physics armor rigging shield rigging projectile weapon rigging launcher rigging drones rigging hybrid weapon rigging energy weapon rigging astronautic rigging electronics superiority rigging energy grid rigging mechanical engineering jury rigging amarrian starship engineering gallentean starship engineering caldari starship engineering minmatar starship engineering rocket science additionally , for t2 bpo : quantum physics molecular engineering electromagnetic physics mechanical engineering nuclear physics laser physics hydromagnetic physics nanite engineering high energy physics graviton physics i do not believe you own a t2 bpo , but in case you get your hands on one . all those skills require different levels for different bpo , but i suggest to use evemon to look at what level unlocks , so you will know of you gonna need it or not . i did not take faction items into account . you can research them before manufacturing it , but you can only get bpc at the lp stores anyway .
extracted from the source code ( line 71 ) : var value = Math.random() &lt; 0.9 ? 2 : 4;  Math.random() returns a number between 0 and 1 . this formula can be read as follows : is the pseudo-randomly generated number strictly less than 0.9 ? if yes the tile value is 2 , if no the value is 4 . assuming Math.random() generates numbers with uniform probability over ( 0,1 ) , there is a 90% chance of a 2 , and 10% chance of a 4 . as for your your second question : yes , the probability is the same at the beginning . when the game starts 2 tiles are generated and their value randomized with the code above .
you can turn on the " resource icon " overlay which will put up floating icons showing what all the resources are ( ctrl + r , or click on the " toggle map options " button to the left of the mini-map and tick " resource icons" ) . if you then zoom out you should be able to see where the resources are quite easily , and what they are .
i called xbox support today and they said the wireless headset does not support chat with the wired controllers . : (
only games designed specifically for use with touchscreen have any chances to work with it . i really do not see any way how you had play fps on touch screen , given that in fps the crosshair is always in center of the screen , while mouse rotates the view . in case of games designed for touch screens , the view is fixed , while cross hair follows your finger . apart of that , in case of cod:bo , for full control you need 23 different actions triggered by buttons ( either mouse or keyboard ) . there is no way to do that on touch screen .
i have not found a way and have been asking around the forums and blogs but nobody has found a way . i guess for now it is not possible .
the full list of trainers capable of serving as merchants is as follows : base game all but one of the trainers at the college in winterhold also sell various magical supplies ; typically books related to their school , robes , and soul gems . tolfdir ( alteration ) colette marence ( restoration ) drevis neloren ( illusion ) faralda ( destruction ) phinis gestor ( conjuration ) the one exception is sergius turrianus , who does not sell anything , despite even having the spell vendor class . in addition , several of the non-college-affiliated , magic-related trainers are also merchants . conjuration has falion . destruction has sybille stentor and wuunferth the unloving . illusion should have atub , but unless you have the unofficial skyrim patch , she is bugged , and not properly added to the factions that would enable this . all three alchemy trainers are also alchemy merchants . lami in morthal arcadia in whiterun babette in the dark brotherhood sanctuary similar to alchemy , all three smithing trainers are also blacksmithing merchants : ghorza gra-bagol in markarth balimund in riften eorlund gray-mane there are a few assorted npcs who are both trainers and merchants outside the above . gharol in dushnikh yal is a heavy armor trainer , and also a blacksmithing merchant . grelka in riften is a light armor trainer , and also a merchant of various items , mostly blacksmithing-related . ma'jhad , of one of the khajiit trade caravans ( going between windhelm and solitude ) , is a lockpicking trainer , and also a fence with the thieves ' guild . revyn sadri of windhelm is a speech trainer , and also owns a pawn shop . lastly , the following trainers are normally not merchants , but can be married , which will cause them to open a small store . vilkas ( two-handed ) aela the huntress ( archery ) njada stonearm ( block ) farkas ( heavy armor ) dravynea the stoneweaver ( alteration ) scouts-many-marshes ( light armor ) dawnguard dawnguard adds three new trainers who are also merchants . ronthil , a speech trainer in volkihar keep , who sells fairly standard magic-related items florentius baenius , a restoration trainer who can be recruited into the dawnguard , and sells some assorted ingredients , potions , and a couple of spell tomes sorine jurard , an archery trainer with the dawnguard who mostly sells crossbows , bolts , and the like . dragonborn dragonborn adds three new trainers who are also merchants . milore ienth , an alchemy trainer in raven rock who is also an apothecary talvas fathryon , a conjuration trainer in tel mithryn who also sells tomes and soul gems . neloth , an enchanting trainer in tel mithryn who also sells staves and soul gems . now , this all may be a very large list , but it is unfortunately not a very promising one . the best choices for selling goods to are generally fences , as they have the most money ( depending on your thieves guild side job completion ) , and also buy anything without need for the merchant perk . but the only fence who is a trainer is ma'jhad , who is part of a khajiit caravan ; if you find yourself needing to wait around for his gold to replenish at any point , he will likely be in a different city when you are done . your next best bet is probably going to be a blacksmith , as several of them have a thousand gold ( including all three who are also trainers ) , and they buy many of the items you are looting off enemies , even without the merchant perk .
building/canceling buildings returns 75% of the resources i am not sure about add-ons but i think it is 75% as they are buildings ; this is easy to test canceling building units returns 100% resources salvaging is unrelated ; it is a special building feature
golden apples gives a x2 rocket boost greater then a red apple . it also allows you to kill flys .
the solution is simple but not very intuitive . you have to pick the two " cipher keys " that make up the one in the middle , in the example above , these are keys c and f . what is not very clear is how you pick them . you need to tap one of the keys , tap the middle symbol , then tap the other key and again the middle symbol .
this might be harsh but you can get tk'ers psn accounts blocked
yes , i bought an item for dota 2 online rather than in-game shop and my progress towards the card increased , do not see why it would be different for tf2 . when you buy items online the system asks you to log-in with your steam account to finish purchase ; in-game store is essentially just a simple game web browser to display the original online store ( why ? it is easier to maintain one store than 2 ) . so in the end whether you buy something online or in-game it goes thru the same account and the same system . also the system is retroactive , meaning all things you bought before trading cards will be counted as you bought them now . so the system will checks your receits and they are the same for both stores . if you want to check for yourself you do not have to spent 9$ , you can purchase the cheapest item you find and then check if you " progress towards next card " has increased .
you pay the full purchase price and lose the in-progress production . there are no refunds , discounts , or benefits . so , you generally want to avoid buying buildings that you have mostly completed . for units , buying a unit has no effect on the in-progress production .
most important rule : when a chunk is unloaded , so are the mobs ( and all other items ) on it , although passive mobs will not be removed . there is also a limit on the number of mobs that can be loaded at one time : 200 hostile and 15 neutral mobs ( i do not know if there is a limit on passive mobs ) . also , hostile mobs are removed if they leave the 9x9 chunks that they are allowed to spawn in . running away will usually allow you to stay out of the reach of hostile mobs , since a chunk needs to be loaded a certain amount of time before mobs will start to spawn , but the chunks immediately behind you could have the max allowable mobs , making it dangerous at best to turn around . take a look at the wiki for more information .
most work . . . but not all . i think wired had the best compatibility chart . mods can become an obsession . . . imho , doc 's forum is the best
after doing some testing using mystcraft portals , constructed with crystals , i can conclude that it is not possible to carry barrels of stuff to different dimensions with the gravity gun ; if i sent the barrel through the portal first , it appeared to have been deleted from the world . when i went through the portal first , the barrel fell from my grasp , and dropped a craftpacket stamper , deleting my stack of diamond blocks . there are other ways to move items cross-dimensionally ; ender chests and item tesseracts will happily transport your items to other places , as long as the other side is chunk loaded . a retriever with power and a timer will pull things out of the bottoms of barrels and put them in an ender chest with relative ease .
i have noticed the sneak mechanic in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning is a fickle mistress . from what i can tell , if anyone saw you in the vicinity at any point , even when you sneak they will still be aware of your presence . even though i am not in anyone 's direct line of sight , they are still alert to my presence when sneaking . to remedy this , you can simply wait in that same spot for a short period of time . their awareness will gradually decrease over time , resulting in : as that meter decreases , your chance of being caught while stealing will also decrease !
always check out armor to see if it is better than the armor you currently have . look for items that increase your stats , especially intelligence ( wizard 's primary attribute . ) also , wizards can use wands and staffs and various other weapons , so look for those as well . eventually you will probably want to start picking up only magic ( blue ) and rare ( yellow ) items as these sell for much more gold ( tens or hundreds instead of 2 or 3 ) than regular weapons . also , these can be salvaged by the blacksmith to get crafting supplies which can be used to craft better weapons in time .
long live the queen is unmissable and is awarded for completing the quest , but royalist ally is awarded for choosing the correct dialogue options when completing it : choose dialogue options favorable to the crown , and when asked , tell the queen you will try to spare jeyne 's life .
as yx already wrote , the best you can do is increase your magic find since this directly increases the drop rate . if your equipment ( or nephalem valor ) grants you , say , 100% mf , it will double the probabilities of getting legendaries ( as well as rare and magic items ) . keep in mind that , as you say , the drop rates are low . following the preivous example , if a mob has a chance of 0,01% of droping a legendary , with your 100%mf the drop rate will increase to 0,02% . that´s where the second advice of yx comes in : kill fast ! the more you kill , the more times you have the chance of droping a legendary . as a side note , try to farm as far in the game as possible ( as long asyou are confortable playing ) : monsters in later acts tend to drop more good items so , although you could still be unluky , legendaries droped from monsters in acts 3 and 4 will probably have a higher item level than those from earlier acts . here is a link to the game guide with more information about the magic find , in case you find it useful . happy farming ! edit : in ayckoster 's answer to this other question you can find more info about legendary items ' drop rates .
i loaded lydia up with some iron ingots and leather strips , enough to make several different types of item . then i commanded her to use the forge . i did not get a crafting menu or any means of commanding her to craft a specific item . she used the forge for a while ( carried out all the various crafting animations ) , i left her at it for five minutes realtime and checked her inventory . she still had all the ingots and leather strips i gave her , and she had not crafted any items , despite having appeared to have been crafting for a long time . so at least for lydia it seems that it is not possible to craft items .
if you have " elective mode " on , you can just drag ( with the left mouse button ) the skill from the bar and drop it somewhere meaningless ( e . g . on the main game area ) . if you do not have a skill in the " left click " or " right click " slot , then the melee will appear there instead . there are no options that i know of to put the melee on a number . to activate " elective mode " , you have to go into options , then go to gameplay , and then select " elective mode . " so , there you have it ! : )
food levels the cantina -> han solo or greedo mos espa cafe ( the first scene ) -> gungan or gran ithorian food -> ithorian scoop of hoth -> snow trooper ( fixed in 1.3.0 update ) service levels bounty hunters -> boba fett or dengar or 4-lom or gand cloud city spa -> han solo or boba fett trash compactor -> luke or han or chewbacca or leia panna city medicine -> boba fett ( holiday special ) recreational levels holochess hall -> ig-88 or chewbacca holonet cineplex -> chadra-fan imperial museum -> ewok or snowtrooper or wicket mon cala aquarium -> mon calamari ( not admiral akbar ) training remotes -> obi-wan or luke retail levels droid store -> greedo or r5-d4 or jawa imperial marches -> r2-q5 or r5-j2 or r4-i9 ( service to the empire special edition droids ) watto 's wares -> pit droid or toydarian or watto or gungan residential levels dagobah apts -> yoda or r2-d2 tatooine apts -> c3po or tusken raider imperial levels blast door -> obi-wan kenobi or darth vader communications -> han solo or luke skywalker or chewbacca detention level -> luke skywalker or han solo or leia organa or chewbacca droid lab -> leia organa extending bridge -> luke skywalker or leia organa imperial meeting room -> darth vader interrogation -> leia organa or interogation droid superlaser ray -> imperial gunner tractor beam -> obi-wan kenobi or snowtrooper ( new patch ) sith meditation -> darth vader by character 4-lom -> bounty hunters bespin leia -> none boba fett -> bounty hunters , cloud city spa boba fett ( holiday special ) -> panna city medicine c3po -> tatooine apts chadra-fan -> holonet cineplex chewbacca -> trash compactor , communications , detention level , holochess hall darth vader - imperial meeting room , sith meditation , interrogation dengar -> bounty hunters greedo -> the cantina , droid store gungan -> mos espa cafe , watto 's wares han solo -> communications , detention level , cloud city spa , trash compactor , the cantina ig-88 -> holochess hall imperial gunner -> superlaser ray interrogation droid -> none ithorian -> ithorian food jawa -> droid store leia organa ( rebel ) -> interrogation , extending bridge , droid lab , detention level , trash compactor luke skywalker -> extending bridge , detention level , communications , training remotes , trash compactor mon calamari ( not admiral ackbar ) -> mon cala aquarium obi-wan kenobi -> blast door , tractor beam , training remotes pit droid -> watto 's wares r2-d2 -> droid lab r2-q5 -> imperial marches r4-i9 -> imperial marches r5-d4 -> droid store r5-j2 -> imperial marches scout trooper -> imperial museum snow trooper -> tractor beam , scoop of hoth tie pilot -> superlaser ray toydarian -> watto 's wares tusken raider -> tattoine apts watto -> watto 's wares wicket ( not ewok ) -> imperial museum yoda -> dagobah apts
for armor , the quality of the soul gem affects its magnitude . for weapons , the quality affects how many charges it can hold . a petty soul gem filled with a petty soul with only give you 1/12 the effect as black/grand soul gem with a grand soul . the means a weapon dealing frost damage based on a petty soul gem will need to be refilled 12 times as often and will require the expenditure of at least 12 souls to do so , whereas a weapon enchanted using a grand soul gem may only need a single , powerful soul to recharge once during that time . it is not as pronounced an effect as for armor , definitely , but it is still nice to not have to recharge as often .
the spawn in minecraft is in a zone of 20x20 area centered at the world spawn point . however , the spawn change when you sleep in a bed . so just build a house and sleep in your bed .
joysticks and mice are both capable of producing both absolute and relative inputs . both have their advantages , and are used in situations that play to those advantages . " absolute " and " relative " are terms that depend on your point of view as well . for instance , wikipedia terms " absolute " based on how the input device reports its current position to the os . using these definitions , a mouse and a joystick are always relative input devices , and things like touchpads or touchscreens are the only " real " absolute input devices . this ambiguity might make the following confusing , but i will try start with a definition and use it consistently . i will define " relative " as " using the current state of the input as a velocity or acceleration measure " and " absolute " as " using the current state of the input directly " joystick " relative " movements are used in situations where you want to use the tilt of the joystick as a velocity or acceleration measurement . for instance , if you are playing a console game that uses a third person view with a free camera , usually the right analog stick will control the velocity of the camera as it rotates around the player . another example would be using a joystick to navigate a map . joystick " absolute " movements are used when you want to use the tilt of the joystick to determine the absolute position of something . for instance , if your joystick controls peeking around a corner , how far you tilt the stick determines the absolute position of your character . throttle/braking is typically done with an analog trigger , which is technically a joystick with fewer degrees of freedom . mouse " relative " movements are used similarly to joystick relative movements . the pc ports of most console games use mouse movements in place of joystick movements for these types of relative moves , like navigating a map or choosing your direction/camera direction . mouse " absolute " movements are a bit less common , simply because it is tough to determine where exactly a mouse is on a surface . however , you can provide a mouse with a constant acceleration for a short period , and i have seen this used in things like early flight sims to " look around the cockpit " or similar . as long as you are moving the mouse to the right , you look to the right , and then when you stop , you snap back to the center . since mouse " absolute " movements are tricky and error prone , often times you will see these types of inputs mapped to digital controls like the keyboard . this type of thing is common with accelerator/brake pedals in driving games , for instance . the expectation is that you will manually employ something like pulse width modulation ( ie , tapping the button to go " not too fast and not too slow" ) to emulate the performance of the stick .
what we are discussing here is whether or not shared ally effects extend out to your witch doctor 's summoned creatures and if they stack . first i will generalize and say that this applies to all summons that have the same mechanics as the witch doctor 's summons . a demon hunter 's summons work differently and are not affected , for example . shared ally effects are skills and abilities that you and your allies can benefit from while fighting in the same area . stacking different abilities between classes provides great advantage to a group . a good list of abilities that provide shared ally effects is here , you will note that all classes and all follower types have an opportunity to provide some sort of effect . saes do not consider the source of the ability , only whether the ability is eligible to provide a shared benefit . so having 2 witch doctors providing effects makes no difference to the question of whether the buff they provide is eligible . so yes , witch doctors can buff each others summons . so which are eligible and do they stack ? in general buffs always stack if they are eligible to be shared . a buff becomes ineligible if it is identical to an already provided buff , ie identical buffs do not stack . you can freely have multiple , different buffs active simultaneously . finally it is important to realize that followers and some summons ( as above ) are being treated in the same way that your human party members are being treated with respect to being enhanced by the party 's saes . this is being played most widely with the monk 's mantras , but is certainly not limited to them . this battle .netthread talks about a 2 wd 2 monk team build to exploit this approach to the maximum benefit . this approach is entirely consistent with blizzard 's co-op multiplayer goals .
to my recollection , i did get ghost in this room . to do so , as soon as i hit the switch i activated stealth and crouch-walked into the nearest hole in the floor , where a floorboard had been removed . i hid inside this vent area until the funicular finally arrived , and then activated stealth , went into the funicular and closed it to complete the objective . no one was harmed , and nobody saw me .
the only way i found to get rid of the message was to buy the dlc , not the answer you are looking for but that was all i could do when i tried to remove it as well .
it works like this : certain things in the game world scale with your character linearly , like they did in oblivion , and certain things are " semi-static " and " semi-scaling " , meaning that they scale to a certain extent , but the scaling has limits . the latter one consists mostly of dungeons . all of the various dungeons in the world have a static , pre-determined difficulty which is described in terms of a range of the players level . for example , there are a lot of dungeons early on which have the difficulty level "1-10" , and that is where they will always be , they will not scale beyond that , and similarly , dungeons of higher difficulty level will not be manageable by you until you level up some more . this is also the reason why the game still feels very leveled despite having a different scaling system . a lot of the dungeons and areas that you encounter around the part where you start ( southwest near the mountains ) and north towards and around whiterun are in this level 1-10 area , only slowly progressing more upwards around the edges of that area . for example , the first dungeon with a higher difficulty which can be reached with ease is , for example , a dwemer ( practically the " tinkering dwarfen " race of the elder scrolls games ) ruin that is accessed via two levels of caves just to the north-east of whiterun , embedded into a small mountain . and once you start visiting the other places , you will usually have leveled beyond level 10 and the game world will scale fairly well with you . an exception to that is the case of " cleared " dungeons and possibly areas . when you have previously cleared a dungeon , it will say so on the map when you hover the cursor over the location 's legend . these cleared dungeons will eventually get repopulated after a long time ( it is longer than just a couple of days , but i do not know the exact number ) , and when they do , they repopulate with mobs in a level-range that corresponds to the players level . the actual level of the monsters inside those dungeons is determined by your first entry into the dungeon . when you first enter the dungeon , the level of all monsters inside it is " locked " to your level . for example , if you enter a dungeon of difficulty "10-20" with level 14 , all enemies will be set to level 14 and will be locked there , so that if you find it too hard when you first enter it , you can come back later and try again with level 18 , at which point they will still be level 14 . the difficulties in that case are clamped , which means that if you enter a 10-20 dungeon with level 5 , all enemies will be set to level 10 , and if you enter it with level 25 , all enemies will be set to 20 . also , the areas in skyrim work roughly that way , too . in general , you will find more difficult monsters the higher you get in the world ( near the mountains ) . an obvious example that comes to mind are the frost trolls and sabre tooth cats , which will beat you up badly , if you walk around in the mountains too much early on . but as opposed to dungeons , monsters will not be locked into a level once you enter the area . instead , the game randomly sometimes spawns monsters that are a couple of levels below or above you , or equal to your level . one of the things which has " linear scaling " , almost exactly like in oblivion , should be dragons . todd howard has said a couple of times that he wants every player ( no matter how good or bad ) to be able to experience at least all of the main storyline . although even with those , it will probably be an advantage to have better equipment or perks which give you some kind of resistance to something ( for example , there are frost and fire-dragons , and a couple of other types ) . an example of monsters who are probably completely static in level are giants and mammoths . ever fought a giant with level 1 ? notice that this only concerns the level scaling of monsters and other enemies around the world of skyrim . as pointed out by slc in the comments , items seem to fully disregard the semi-static level scaling of dungeons and simply scale linearly with you : " incidentally , although the noob cave at the start with a quest to kill some bandits is laughably easy later on due to them not scaling , the loot does scale . i went and did that first kill the bandit leader quest , which involved easily killing about 3 bandits , and got an ebony bow and some other high level items . " – slc in addition , there are scaled items , which are usually quest rewards and depend on the players level at the time of quest completion , similar to how dungeons scale . also , this might count as kind of a second-hand source , but at least it is an interesting read . it is a little explanation of how the scaling worked in fallout 3 . if you google for " skyrim scaling " you will find a lot of references to devs saying that the level scaling is somewhat similar to that of fallout 3 . enemy level generation , from uesp wiki , " effects of leveling": . . . all leveled enemies are generated more like leveled creatures in fallout . for example , bandit npcs are always a fixed level for their name ( bandits are level 1 , bandit thugs are level 9 , bandit highwaymen are level 14 , etc ) . the player 's level affects the range of possible bandit types generated within a bandit dungeon , and probably the frequency , but does not seem to affect the resulting stats except in a few rare cases . lower variant bandits remain reasonably common even when more dangerous bandits are available . also , here 's a discussion on the same topic which might be interesting to read .
yes , this works . i was able to do this trick many times with franklin , then leave the case there . i came back ( real ) days later with trevor and performed the trick again .
sphax patches contain only the textures for the mods . you will still need the corresponding pack for minecraft itself , and load both of them at the same time . post 1.7 , you should be able to just load both packs using the resource pack manager . for 1.6.4 and earlier versions , you will have to merge the packs manually open purebdcraft zip file with the archiving program of your choice open your patch zip file copy files of the patch zip inside the purebdcraft zip . make sure to keep the folder structure and merge folders where necessary . which pack.mcmeta you use should not matter close everything be sure to place purebdcraft in the texturepacks folder
you are indeed remembering the name correctly . here it is : twists of fate are permanent bonuses , so you do not need to activate it . you can view your twists of fate by going to status -> twists of fate
pokémon do not have " default movesets " in the context of " non-customized movesets " . the moveset of any pokémon you encounter in the games is based on the location you are in ( for wild ones ) or the trainer you are fighting ( for trained ones ) . as a result , there really is not any way around manually determining movesets for each pokémon you want to have - just like the pokémon developers have to do . that said , if you are looking for " movesets that do well and do not require much thought to implement " , you can try poking around smogon ' s strategies ; for example , one charizard set they have listed is dragon dance , dragon claw , earthquake or fire punch , and roost . they tend to explain why their sets work well and outline what else should be in the team to cover weaknesses .
from the 4.1 patch notes : tier demotions and shielding have been added once you enter a new tier , you’ll have a set number of games where you are invulnerable to dropping out after you play these games , if you fall a full tier below your placement in terms of mmr , a demotion warning will appear in your profile ( ie : a gold v player playing at a silver v skill level would see this warning ) continuing to lose games at 0 lp will result in a demotion to division i of the next lower tier
he is a random encounter . he also will not appear when it is raining . i know a lot of players have had an extremely rainy june . this may be a factor . : ) [ phineas ] can be found in the city at anytime of the day in reasonable weather conditions ( sunny or overcast/cloudy )
it is dependant on your build . i am playing a khajit thief and i use light armour . minor spoiler below : the thief guild provides you with some nice light armour . the benefits of light armour are : you are less detectable in lower levels with light armour ( the perk that light armour weights nothing is at skill level 50 , in heavy armour , it is 70 ) . as a thief you do not tend to get hit often , so leveling your armour takes longer than you would expect . windwalker is great for a thief , your stamina regenerates 50% faster if you are wearing all light armour . you need to be agile so stamina is pretty important for you running away , positioning etc . light armour still gives a decent armour rating , so if needed you can go toe to toe without taking a huge beating . fits roleplaying . the benefits of heavy armour are : higher armour rating tower of strength stops you getting knocked back if you get caught off guard . ( you are a bad thief if you get caught off guard ; ) ) you can still sneak effectively once you hit level 70 and get the conditioning perk . using robes is also a very viable option , depending on your character set up . if you decide to go this route , i would recommend going with illusion + alteration . the benefits are : decent armour rating with alteration stone flesh skins , combined with mage armour . ( triple the effects ) robes give +x% magica regen and -x% spell cost on x tree . this means you can benefit more from the magic attributes below : decent magic resistance from the alteration skill tree ( up to 30% magic resistance ) alteration grants you the detect life spell . this is awesome as a thief , totally reduces the chances you have of getting caught off guard . illusion skill tree ( at level 50 ) lets you cast spells silently . this is perfect for a stealth character . illusion grants you the invisibility spell , perfect for a thief . illusion gives you crowd control for when the brown stuff hits the fan . you can make a single target ( or groups at higher levels ) stop fighting , fight each other , or run away .
no , there is no before game gui to set config , but after intro there is a menu and then you can navigate to gui with options to set all stuff - controls , audio , video . btw : commandline arguments in ' commandline . txt ' does not seem to work at all .
you can find it at good old games and it will play on any version of windows from windows xp or later .
various searches indicate that many people have problems with technic launcher using default windows 8 video drivers . there is currently no fix . either downgrade to windows 7 or ( assuming vanilla minecraft runs at all ) look into converting your map for ftb or another modpack that includes the same mods , but with a launcher that does not have these issues .
the best anti-personnel units of nod in early game are buggy and cyborg . wounded cyborgs heals in tiberium . using of light infantry against disc throwers is dangerous because of splash damage of their discs . btw , you can crush disc throwers by running them over ( tick tanks and other heavy vehicles can do this ) .
when selecting a waypoint , you can change the difficulty by selecting an alternate difficulty displayed above the map waypoint list . in the picture , the difficult you are on is shown . once you have completed normal difficulty , cruel difficulty will appear next to it .
regarding plot , gameplay and expansions fallout 3 is exactly the same on all platforms ( pc , xbox 360 and ps3 ) . the differences in the pc version are the ability to do more precise tunings on graphic setttings , the possibility to enable the developer console and the huge advantage that you can install many mods developed by community . mods are modifications to the original game created by community members . fallout 3 in particular is easily moddable and for this reason the community created hundreds of different mods and modifications that change every aspect of the game : graphics ( better textures , dynamic weather , object re-skins , npc 3d models and faces etc . ) gameplay ( hardcore modes , balance fixes , etc . ) sounds or add original contents like new armors , weapons , buildings or even complete new quests . i suggest you to visit the amazing fallout 3 nexus website that has a huge database of mods and patches and it is the reference site for many fallout 3 modders .
no it is not possible , you will have to set up your own proper server rather than a lan server then give your friend the ip address . it is relatively simple to do . you will have to make a copy of your " single-player " world and paste it into the online server . however any changes made in the online server will not transfer to your private file , so if you try to play offline then you will not have all the changes made while online .
map awareness riot has garnered some pretty effective videos with their video tutorial contest ( links posted below ) . as a beginner , you want to primarily focus on making sure you do not get ambushed by the other team ( called a " gank" ) . while some of this involves map awareness , you also need to learn to not overextend , as well as keeping an eye on the enemies you are fighting in your lane . if you cannot see one or both of the enemies in your lane , let your teammates know ! last hitting killing minions and enemy players nets you gold to buy items . however , if you do not land the killing blow on an enemy minion , you will get zero gold , even if you have done most of the damage to it . the faster you kill enemy minions , the faster the minions reach the enemy tower , which will make quick work of all non-cannon minions . it is better to keep the minion fights as close to the middle as you can ; you only need to finish off the minion to get gold from it -- see if you can limit yourself to only attacking minions when you will kill them ! tower aggro the enemy towers are dangerous . they have lots of health , armor , and a powerful attack that can quickly decimate low-level heroes . it is important , then , to know how the turret picks its target . enemy towers will always target allied minions first , switching to champions only if there are no longer any allied minions around . the exception to this is if you deal damage to an enemy champion , in which case the tower will immediately switch to the damaging champion , shooting at them until they die or move out of range . let me repeat that : if you deal damage to an enemy champion within range of the tower , it will immediately start shooting at you : you do not want this . be very careful when attacking the enemy at their own tower . recommended viewing four of these videos are a result of the valoran video contest held by riot games , and are quick , 1-minute videos touching on just the basics ( which seems exactly what you are looking for ) . the fifth video is made by shurelia , an employee of riot games , and goes much more in-depth into what " zoning " is , and how to take advantage of it .
your tests seem perfectly valid . if the game generates the biomes properly with seeds that have those biomes , then you are simply suffering from bad luck or you are not looking around enough to know that your desired biomes are not available . they must be there somewhere , but some of the newer biomes are frustratingly rare or commonly distant from spawn . as was mentioned in the comments , to more easily verify the convenient placement of a given biome in a given seed is to test it in amidst . that way you will not have to fly around in creative mode to tell what the biome layout will be .
i am afraid there is no other way to see it . " during every mission if you press the start button there will be a tally of how many pieces of intel there are in the mission and how many of them you have collected . it should show on the bottom right hand corner of the start menu . other than that , there is no way to find out which intel you are missing . " source
there are a few potions that are always the same color . namely potions of water/unholy and holy water . these are all clear . and they are holy/unholy depending on their blessed status . they can be id'ed by normal altar id . there is a table of potion probabilities on the nethack wiki . but probabilities range from around 1% to 7% so it is not a lot of help . the best way to determine potion id is by first dipping a unicorn horn in the potion . this transforms a certain amount of bad potions into harmless ones . the final thing you can do to id certain potions is to use a amethyst stone . it turns potions of booze into potions of fruit juice . most potions have unique messages when you drink them . you probably want to use spoilers to get the messages . one more thing , from the wiki : smoky and milky potions are special . a smoky potion has a chance of containing a djinni , while quaffing a milky potion may release a hostile ghost . this can be pretty bad if your potions of extra healing are smoky or milky . tl ; dr get a unicorn horn , dip the horn in all the potions , drink the ones that do not change to id them .
frost only becomes your horse if you persuade louis letrush to let you keep him or kill after you talk to him after you have stolen frost from the black-briar manor . if you just ride off without completing the quest frost will just return to where you first stole him ( black-briar manor ) . if you own him and you were to mount another horse ( at least another horse you own ) he will remain at the location you left him so far as i can tell . i use shadowmere ( who seems to do the same thing ) and i just parked frost at a stable so at least he would be safe . he has stayed there since . also any horse you bought from a stable will return to that stable when you begin using another horse . when i first got shadowmere the horse i purchased from whiterun began to walk away and when i next went back to the whiterun stables he was there safe and sound .
you can´t open the door . you can do it with the " gun trick " , but there is nothing inside . only a square room the size of the door .
for more general information with respect to the d20 system as a whole , you will want to look at the d20 srd , and if you have any further questions about it as a system , rpg . se is the place to go for all your tabletop rpg q and a needs . that said , with respect to the specific implementation of the d20 system seen in the kotor games , what happens with damage rolls is that the game is abstracting the ' dice ' away from the information displayed to you . a weapon with a displayed damage range of 5-12 , is probably rolling 1d8+4 . during combat , a hit with that weapon will deal 5-12 damage , before any other combat modifiers , whether from the characters stats , buffs , skills , or other equipment are factored in .
so here 's the dirty little secret of guild wars 2 - targeting enemies is mostly a formality . the majority of your attacks work equally well with or without a target . what this means in practice , is that whether or not you are being targeted is irrelevant . are you in the path of the projectile , standing in the fire , or within the weapon attack cone of the mob ? ( hint : if the ogre raises his hands up , get out from in front of him ! ) which brings us to how to dodge . avoidance strafing is only effective on non-homing projectiles . some home , some do not . off the top of my head , the guardian skill " orb of light " does not home , and can be dodged via strafing , while their " ray of judgement " skill does , and cannot . most mobs , however , can always be dodged by strafing . shadow-stepping technically falls into this category , as it is ( usually ) just a simple displacement . most of the time , getting out of the path of the arrow will , in fact , dodge the arrow . line of sight entering stealth does not inherently protect you from fired attacks , unless the same skill that granted stealth also granted you evade . ( more on that a little below ) if you are standing in front of the ogre , the ogre will still hit you , even if he can not see you . for projectiles , you have another option ; simply stand behind something . projectiles which must pass through part of the world to get to you ( such as the corner of a mountain , or particularly thick trees ) will show up " obstructed " , and deal no damage . dodge rolls dodge rolls ( by default , bound to double-tapping one of the movement keys ) allow you to evade otherwise " homing " projectiles . you will still be " hit " , but instead of damage or conditions , the message " evaded " will pop up . you can even dodge through damaging zones this way , and not take any damage . you may notice that some skills grant " evasion " , such as the ranger 's shortbow 3 . abilities that grant " evasion " are exactly like performing a dodge roll in terms of avoiding damage ( though they will not consume endurance nor trigger dodge roll specific traits ) . usually , they are accompanied by movement in a specific direction , though this is not always backwards . skill-based there are also a couple of skills that let you " block " attacks , negating any damage or applied conditions . these skills often have additional effects that trigger ( or can be triggered ) if the block is not consumed . additionally , the guardian buff , aegis , allows you to block one attack . some abilities refer to " absorb " , which is the same as block . projectiles also have a special counter -- certain skills can " reflect " them . this is about what it sounds like , with attacks being returned to their source . finally , there are a few skills that grant flat out " immunity " , such as the elementalist 's " obsidian skin " . these will prevent damage and conditions , but will not move you . the mesmer additionally has the " distortion " buff which is identical , except for the name . conditional defense lastly , there are a couple of conditions that can prevent damage . blindness causes the next outgoing attack to miss ( though it has reduced efficacy on bosses ) . the other potential conditions are daze and stun . daze interrupts all spells and attacks and locks them out for 3 seconds , while stun interrupts and prevents all actions , including movement ( though it is a little harder to get access to ) . a necromancer 's fear can serve as an interrupt also .
rogue drones have all salvage parts in their loot table , except damaged artificial neural network . therefore it is worth salvaging .
taken from here there is an order of priority for the path : 1 ) a player defined map marker overrides all others . so , be careful to ensure you are following the quest marker and not one you accidentally placed when checking the map if you placed a check marker accidentally it may end up pointing there . 2 ) when multiple quests are active , i believe it chooses the most recently updated quest . i do not know if this counts completed quests , which might be why it is pointing you to nirya 3 ) when a quest has multiple different [ ly ] type [ ed ] ( e . g . two different npc ) targets , only one path ( unfortunately ) will display . i believe this gives precedence to a lower queststage id of the target . be careful as , unlike with quest markers on the map , you may not realise that there are alternative ways of completing a quest - even when reading the details of the quest in the journal . todd 's " morrowind level of quest text detail " claim was nonsense . so basically it may be pointing to her as an alternate way to solve the quest , though that does not make sense . 4 ) when a quest has multiple specific objects , e.g. 3 unique books , then it will target the closest . it will not show a path to a non-unique item required ( e . g . 10 fire salts ) - the item instance must be explicitly defined for the quest ( somewhere in the quest files ) . if she or another object suddenly become closer then it will snap to that object , i do not know if it can recognise completed quest items though . 5 ) i forgot to add a point about water . it will try and circumvent water , even if a short swim is quicker , but if it cannot find a path around then it will lead you to the water - but not through the water . this could be another ' turn you round ' issue . i hope that helps !
the number in rounded brackets is the cost of recipe that is needed to craft the item . for example , the total cost of shadow blade is 3300 ( not 3000 ) , split in : claymore : 1400 quarterstaff : 900 shadow blade recipe : 1000 if an item does not need a recipe to be crafted the wiki shows only a number .
there is two rewards to collecting the feathers . with 50 , you unlock a special hammer weapon . at 100 , you unlock the auditore cape , which makes you notorious . and just an achievement or trophy . bragging rights really .
so far the only thing i have found that has your alignment as a requirement are the light and dark side items which are sold for republic , in the republic fleet . there are two shops at either end of the shopping concourse which sell light and dark items . all of which have an alignment requirement . your alignment also affects your companions , just as with kotor . for example , i play jedi guardian with t7 as my companion and he values honour and justice . so usually when i make a light side choice , my affinity with him goes up . i would imagine this is the same for the other classes and sides .
the bioware blog recently posted about this information , which i will summarize here . mechanics earning reputation in mass effect 3 is a bit different from the first two games . rather than earning only paragon and renegade points , you can also earn neutral reputation , so there are 3 types of rep in me3 . this means you can now mix being paragon/renegade without worrying about getting locked out of the more difficult charm/intimidate options . when you earn paragon/renegade rep , it'll show up as blue/red , whereas if you earn neutral rep , it'll increase your reputation bar 's size as a whole while retaining the same blue/red ratio . click through for the larger version . your total reputation ( blue/red/neutral ) will determine whether or not you will be able to pass a charm/intimidate block . the lines on the bar are " checkpoints " which serve as gates for more difficult dialogue options . i marked them with the thin lines of red , in case it was difficult to see ( this is not my shep , this is the photo from the blog post ) . as per usual , you get rep from completing missions and making dialogue choices . for missions with no paragon/renegade choice but still have a large impact , you will get neutral rep . story impact in contrast to older bioware games , you can never actually be the villain in me3 , though this should be rather clear from how they handled the first 2 games . no matter what , you will be fighting to save the galaxy . the manner in which you do it will be what differentiates a paragon from a renegade . also , bullying people into giving you more money or discounts will not be the crux of what makes a renegade decision in this game . who needs credits if there is nowhere to spend them because civilized life has been destroyed ? reputation gain will be based on when you have to make a decision in the game . here are a few examples of what kind of rep you would get , taken from the blog : confronted on the citadel by a desperate refugee with a gun , you give her some credits and help her find a place to sleep . ( paragon ) as a human colony falls to reaper forces , you order down an orbital strike , brutally killing thousands of colonists to prevent the reapers from turning them into husks . ( renegade ) you land at a turian fuel depot taken by reaper forces and clear it out , enabling allied forces to keep fighting . ( general reputation ) tl ; dr bioware has finally made a single-player game that lets you make morally grey choices without nerfing yourself , gameplay-wise . rejoice !
that symbol relates to the amount of influence your takeover of the city is affecting a discounted price at that particular store . if you have removed all of the templar towers/templar influence for that region , your discount will be even higher . the only exception to this is in cappadocia , where you are unable to remove templar influence , resulting in a drastic mark-up on all prices .
this answer refers to equipment available in vanilla skyrim , without any dlc . i have been informed that there are some notable new items in dawnguard that warrant inclusion in this list , but until i can play it , i will not be updating this answer . to pile onto the existing answers , the only time you would not want to use a daedric weapon is if you are interested in investing fewer perks into the smithing tree , while still investing more than 0 . essentially , at 0 perks , daedric retains its advantage over a weapon of any other material once improved , ( with the notable exclusion of the two noted exceptions in terms of base damage , the blade of woe and chillrend . ) with the daedric smithing perk ( and all of its pre-requisites ) , a daedric weapon will again trump everything , ( including in this case , the exceptions like the blade of woe , which do not benefit from the smithing perks ) . but , if you are moving up the light armor side of the smithing tree , or if you prefer to spend fewer perks , you may find upgraded glass , elven , or even steel equipment outperforms daedric thanks to the enhanced upgrades . this is particularly noticeable at very high smithing levels such as those you had achieve by stacking fortify smithing enchants and potions - particularly if you do so recursively . finally , and to the real meat of your question : are there any unique weapons whose enchantments make them a better choice than a custom enchanted ( or unenchanted , elemental fury'd ) daedric _ ____ ? and the answer to that is , it depends . for raw damage output , as has been noted , daedric will generally win , with the above noted edge cases providing notable exceptions . however , there are a few unique artifacts that are worth keeping in mind - especially if you have a high enough enchanting skill to stack fortify 1/2 handed enchantments to a point where base damage becomes somewhat irrelevant . the reason these are useful generally has less to do with their raw power , and more to do with the unique utility they provide . the ebony blade - there are a few things that are notable about the ebony blade , but the most important is that its absorb health enchant is chargeless , meaning it has unlimited uses , and that when used against an npc who ' trusts ' you ( i.e. . a follower , or someone for whom you have completed a quest ) , the attack is not considered an assault . this makes the ebony blade an ideal weapon for assassinations , or for merely killing shopkeepers who looked at you funny . the ebony blade also has some interesting interactions with both your one and two-handed weapon skills that you can read about here . dawnbreaker - when this weapon is used to strike the killing blow against an undead foe , it causes aoe damage to all other nearby undead , with a chance to cause them to flee . this can be handy in particularly dense crypts . mehrunes razor - has a chance to instantly kill your target on hit . combined with the razor 's fairly high base damage , this is probably the best dagger available for pure lethality without smithing perks . and competes for the title , even with them . windshear - the knockdown effect provided by this weapon is unique . there is no other way to obtain it . dragonbane - does a large amount of additional damage to dragons . this additional damage can be a fairly substantial increase from what is achievable with other weapons early in the game , but with higher level smithing , is eventually smaller than the gain by upgrading to a higher quality blade . most other unique weapons - artifacts included - provide effects that you can duplicate with the enchanting bench . as a result , while some are useful , they will generally be outperformed by crafted weapons if you are willing to take the smithing perks , and in many cases , even without them . a note on dual wielding : there is one other thing that should be noted with regard to weapon selection that has not been noted in any of the answers here , specific to dual wielding . as yx . notes in his answer , maces offer the highest base damage per swing , and the most potent weapon specific perk . daggers offer the fastest swing speed . what is interesting is that for dual-weapon attacks , the speed is based on the speed of the weapon in your offhand . this means that with a mace in the mh and a dagger in the oh , you can swing with a mace at dagger speeds . in short , when dual wielding , all things being equal , the optimal combination of weapons is a mace mh dagger oh . a note on bows , maces , etc . : no , the above list does not include any bows . it also does not include any maces . or warhammers . the reason is pretty simple : there are not any worth noting . all of the ' unique ' bows , maces , and other weapon types not mentioned here are not actually unique in their specific mechanical properties . you could exactly duplicate or improve upon all of them with existing in game crafting mechanics . the thing that sets apart the blades mentioned above is that they all possess properties which you cannot acquire by any other means . for any other weapon type , you should compare the best results you are capable of achieving with your current enchanting skill to whatever artifact you might be interested in - use the one with bigger numbers . with maxed skills , the crafted and custom enchanted will be the one with the bigger numbers . without them , your milage will vary as with everything . the only other thing to note is that , in the specific case of bows , there are some unique considerations with respect to weight and speed that will affect your choice .
there are a number of spelunking techniques that lead to successful navigation and tracking while wandering underground . as with anything in minecraft , you will want the right tools for the job : tools bow+arrows ( sword optional ) food torches/raw wood a bunch of stone shovels/pickaxes iron/diamond pickaxe for rare ores steadfast resolve in the face of impending lava , and/or water bucket i put the bow and arrows first as they are really the most important for surviving caves in minecraft , killing enemies at a distance will significantly reduce the amount of damage you take , which will allow you to go further , although food will help in the event that you get hurt . torches are key , you will need lots . i usually pack 64 and make more from wood when i find coal veins . stone shovels and pickaxes are just for regular old digging , and you will need to do a bunch of that to get through the steeper jumps as far as directions go there are a number of simple tricks to being able to find your way around . lost and found right/left-wall rule &ndash ; follow the right walls while traveling into a cave , and you will be able to do a 180 and follow the left walls to find your way out . this is a tedious rule to follow , but is one of the simplest rules for new adventurers to adhere to . as an extension of the rule , place your torches on the same side , and you will have a better idea of whether you are going into or out of the caves . signs &ndash ; signs used to take up a bunch of inventory space because they did not stack . but they are stackable now , and they make for great posts for spots that are particularly confusing , especially when you find yourself at a 7-way junction that goes every direction but up . arrows &ndash ; not the arrows for your bow , simply arrows made out of blocks , use dirt/gravel/cobblestone to make &rarr ; in the walls or ground . have fun and make a 3d floating arrow in the middle of the path , it'll be much more visible than a sign , and can be a useful way of getting rid of some of the materials that you have no doubt collected on your journey . torch patterns &ndash ; use torches to make patterns to give you clues as to which way to go . simple designs like ..: can be used to point the way in or out ( make up your mind before you go in so that you are not confusing yourself with inconsistent signage . drilling &ndash ; if you have got a particularly deep system of caves that double-back and overlap , " drill " some 1x1 ladder holes or 2x2 staircases in any location . they are convenient fast-access points to the surface or other tunnels . as long as you can find your way back to the surface , you are bound to be able to get back to your home . clean-up &ndash ; if you have got a lot of time to burn , and you really want to be able to get home in one piece , dig out the tunnels so that they follow a nice pattern with decent lights and stairs .
the damage splitting effect works like this : for this example an attack does 100 damage , player a 's damage mitigation is 70% and player b 's is 50% . when a gets hit , the attack is reduced to 30 damage , then gets halved and both players take 15 damage . when b gets hit , the attack is reduced to 50 damage , then gets halved and both players take 25 damage . if there are 3 players and a gets hit , the resulting 30 damage will result in each player taking 10 damage . as you can see , damage reduction is applied before the damage splits up ( as true damage ) .
achievements : a history the first form of achievements that appeared , in the way you describe them was on the atari 2600 , 30 years ago . for some of the activision games on the system , there would have challenges listed in them . most often , these were simply " score x amount of points , " but there were also challenges such as " finish a level in six seconds " , or " survive 5 days " . these challenges were listed in the manual of the game . an extract from the manual of the activision game enduro racing . the player would then complete these challengers , take a picture of the tv screen for proof , and put it to activision in the post . upon completing the often difficult challenges and sending the proof to activision , they would send you a decorative fabric patch which confirmed your achievement in the game [ 1 ] . this patch is given after scoring 10,000 points in chopper commandos , a difficult feat . the earliest activision game that included this decorative patch was the racing game dragster , which you earned by finishing in less than 6 seconds . it was released in 1980 [ 2 ] , which gives us a definite beginning date for the early forms of achievements as described in the question . these patches were made to show off to friends . you could sew them onto clothing or other items , so that you could tell the world how good you were at the game . these early stages of achievements were entirely offline . the actual game did not save anything . we now move forward 10 years to another game called e-motion for the amiga . it had a collection of " secret bonuses " you could aquire by doing various challenges [ 3 ] . these secret bonuses closely resemble the achievements of today . some examples of the secret bonuses in the game were : completing a bonus level with the last digit of the timer as a "3" complete any level without rotating to the right complete level one without ever using the screen wrap etc . a screenshot of e-motion . this was closer to modern day achievements than the patches were . for one thing , they were stored on the game itself , rather than just offline . it still lacked , however , the ability to share the achievements online - an important part of today 's achievement systems . where did the sharing aspect of achievements come from ? we move forward another 6 years to 1996 - where a website called msn gaming zone would launch . it was designed to be used alongside instant messenging . due to the inherently social nature of instant messenging , msn decided to allow one to easily share gaming results to whoever they were chatting with . the games also included " badges " , which were earned for doing specific things in the games [ 4 ] . this started the social aspect of achievements - you were encouraged to share badges with your friends online . finally , we reach 2005 , and the introduction of the xbox 360 . this tied together all of the parts of the previous iterations of achievements into a cohesive whole . part of this was adding in the " gamerscore " which created a positive feedback system for learning achievements [ 5 ] . the achievement system in the 360 was completely integrated within the game . this was so effective that today the xbox 360 is widely considered to have popularised achievement systems in pretty much anything - the playstation network , for instance , introduced the similiar trophy system in 2008 [ 6 ] . [ 1 ] : atari age 2600 patch gallery [ 2 ] : gamefaqs data for the game dragster [ 3 ] : cheats website for amiga games [ 4 ] : about badges msn website , which is apparently still operating [ 5 ] : an article about the effect of achievements in gaming practices [ 6 ] : a comment on this answer by denilson sá also , i highly recommend reading the fifth link there . it is actually really interesting .
fire damage according to these forum posts http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/4552507627 http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/12032393226 they say " look at the tool tip when you highlight it in game , it says " fire " in the background . if you mouse over the other familiar variants you will notice they too all have their own elemental affix . " hope that helps
in borderlands , enemies do scale properly . wherever enemies scale , it does not introduce problems or imbalances . player 's health and gun damage ( values easily inspected ) increase by 13% per level . other variables , like enemy damage and enemy health , scale accordingly - while i can not readily prove that it is 13% per level , it is definitely adequate . some areas of the game have enemies of fixed level , while other spawn enemies of levels ( player level + some constant ) .
mini bombs can be bought for 200 baubles from the shop in area 2 of world 1 zone 2 or from any shop in world 1 zone 3 . what you actually get is a bundle skill , that changes your skillset to let you throw bombs . each bomb you throw costs 1 bauble .
the rule of thumb when hunting animals is that : any weak hostile animal or passive animal will go into a petty gem ( rabbit , fox , goat , wolf , dog , chicken , mudcrab , slaughterfish , cow , elk , skeever ) . any moderately powerful animal or rare passive animal will go into a lesser gem ( sabre cat , horse , snow fox , pit wolf , ice wolf , charus ) . the strongest animals go into a common gem ( bears , charus reapers ) the very largest animal ( mammoth ) goes in a grand gem . when fighting draugr and the undead : the basic form ( draugr , skeleton ) goes in a petty gem . the slightly stronger forms ( restless , wight ) go in a lesser gem . the stronger forms ( sourge , overlord ) go in a common gem . the strongest forms ( deathlord ) goes in a greater gem . when fighting atronachs : flame atronachs go in lesser gems . frost atronachs go in common gems . storm atronachs go in greater gems . when fighting skyrim 's natural monsters : trolls and spriggans go in lesser gems . frost trolls and hagravens go in common gems . giants and wispmothers go in greater gems . when fighting falmer : most falmer ( falmer , gloomlurker , skulker ) go in lesser gems . stronger falmer ( nightprowler , shadowmaster ) go in common gems . dwemer constructs are machines , and as such do not have souls . grand gems are only needed for ghosts and mammoths , making fighting these creatures desirable for the best enchantments . they can also be used to capture " special " enemies , such as the dragon priests . dragon souls are consumed by the dragonborn ; you cannot soul trap dragons . black soul gems are used for capturing the souls of creatures normally protected by arkay - npcs of any of the playable races . their souls are of " grand " size , making them also desirable for the best enchantments . soul gem fragments are broken soul gems , and are not useful for anything .
over time , this will happen completely on its own . all workers will try to live as close to their work place as possible . that said , family ties can cause problems here . a forester and a blacksmith living together may be a problem . you can manipulate this by reassigning jobs , or building a boarding house ( to break family ties ) and temporarily closing down homes to relocate people .
no , you will not be able to control the path specifically . however , there is some micro that you can use to get a small benefit out of it . you could select the scv and stop construction ( make sure you are not cancelling the building ) before the scv travels to the outside part of the building and then restart construction inside the wall , you had have to do that a lot to ensure that your scv stays inside the base .
when you come to install steam , you should get a choice of where to install it , under custom installation if i remember correctly . if not , steam is not massive anyway . when you come to install games , you can choose a steam library to install to . the default is the %\steamapps folder within the steam installation directory . you can choose to use a different folder with each game : note : i already had a steam library on my hdd but it was straight forward to create a new one .
there are no " requirements " as when you are ready . you can just be well prepared . things to know about the eye of cthulhu : can only be fought at night , that means spawn him as soon as it is ~7:30 ingame . nighttime lasts about 9 minutes . cthulhu first form does 15 damage and has 1400 life . cthulhu second form does 23 damage and has 1400 life . more info : http://terraria.gamepedia.com .
yes , you can plant trees . in the nature ( §§ ) tab , click the right arrow . trees will eventually die and will have to be replanted . it takes time but it will clean pollution up .
moar ram on a slightly more serious note , kill skype . it is using precious resources . get rid of hamachi and learn how to port forward . the more things running at the same time , the more lag you are going to experience . get optifine , but turn off all the stuff you do not need .
the wiki you linked reports : the final choice on a single faction must be made after the player floats up the b-29 from the lake for the boomers . basically , whomever you tell the boomers will support you is the faction you will be locked to for the remainder of the game . that said , i did tell house i had the boomers on my side after telling the ncr so , but i told house after the notification ' if you continue helping mr . house the ncr will no longer accept your help ' so i think that that message ( or one like it ) is your cue . the exception is yes man . none of the quests close if you tell him the boomers support you ( probably because the meetings are a lot more clandestine ) .
yes , it possible to do so . though , it is really not recommended due to the resource costs involved . to make ( or access ) the dojo itself , you must first create or join a clan . then someone needs to make the clan key ( the blueprint of this will be added to the player 's foundry once they join a clan ) . the resources required are the following : 1 morphic 500 polymer bundle 500 ferrite 1500 credits 12 hours to build afterwards , the basic clan dojo , with a basic clan hall as the starting room , is created . now , resource costs for building other rooms ( connectors , reactors , research facilities , etc . ) are scaled depending on what clan size bracket you fall into ( in this case , your supposed clan will fall into the ghost clan bracket - 1-10 members in total ) . yet still , they are quite expensive for a small number of players to handle , especially due to the usage of " rare " resources at higher levels ( such as forma ) . unless you have a large stockpile of resources and credits , it is suggested to have at least 4-6 members to build a basic dojo with the important facilities . but , it is certainly doable with 1-2 people , though not recommended . i strongly suggest you pay a visit to the warframe wiki page on clan dojos for more information on each room type 's costs , as well as for pre-planning the layout . remember , you do not want to waste resources destroying and creating more rooms than necessary !
update : as of diablo 2.0 , this is no longer the case . the difficulty can be seen in the top right of the screen , next to the clock , while playing . the only way i am aware of is at the character select screen : you can change the difficulty ( assuming you have unlocked them ) by going to the select quest screen , and changing the difficulty of the quest you are going to start .
i am sorry , but on the wiki , there is no " fourth house " in the village that you can enter . there is a locked house , but according to this line in the wiki about the village : each of these areas can be accessed except for the first locked house so , you cannot unlock it .
in terms of the achievements , not getting hit means not taking damage . using abilities like smokescreen ( pure immunity ) counts , diamond skin ( absorption ) also counts , dodging counts . block does not count . in the case of block you are only reducing the damage taken rather than avoiding it . for example , on the belial encounter i have got the ' bad breath ' ( avoid being hit by his flame breath ) achievement on both a wizard and a demon hunter through the use of their immunities - no moving , just saw the attack coming and popped a cooldown . so yes - you can use immunity abilities to get these achievements , and a fluke dodge will count towards the achievement as well .
the video is available in two parts on this join the dominion ! website . the two parts are called " new era " and " uncertain future . " as of this writing , they were easily accessible on the right side of the linked site .
no , without lava it is not possible to make obsidian . for your reference , here are a few lava seeds : nyan free me ! abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz life360 do not forget the capital letters , if any in the seed . hope this helps !
i have beaten him 5 or 6 times now , all on easy . general strategy is : 4 points in shields , duh . a dodge around 40% . this takes 4 power to engines and having both the engine crew and pilot crew be maxed out in their skills ( actually , that is about 37-39% i think ? ) . some good , old fashioned luck . plenty of spare crew . you will need the usual party of rogers and hammerstien men to run around and punch intruders and also provide back up repairing . do not underestimate that last part . racing to get systems back to health asap can really help . there is nothing fancy about how you attack . you throw every single thing you have at him , try to overwhelm the shields , and then do damage . my preferred strategy is beam heavy , but i will use launchers depending on what i find along the way . since he is got excellent dodge and 4 shields , you have got to alpha strike every time you hit him ( that is , fire everything or nearly everything ) . once you damage his shields enough that you can get to critical systems easily , you still need to periodically attack the shields because they will get repaired . another good trick i learned is do not fire your weapons as soon as it comes up . wait till you can fire all your weapons at once for the first barrage . this will help overwhelm the shields helping you bring them down and damage them . once the shields are down feel free to fire at will . now , ideally i would have something like blaster mark iii ( 5 shots , 1 damage each , 4 power ) , blaster mark 2 ( 3x1 , 2 power ) and maybe a heavy laser ( 2x2 , 2 power ) . or a small bomb launcher ( underrated , it does 2 system damage ) . but really any number of things can work . i think i just beat him with the kestrel using a blaster mk ii , heavy laser , halberd beam , and small bomb launcher . obviously a crew member with maxed weapons skill is really important . barring an accident , you should have that no problem . if you have less than 6 points of active weapons , you are probably going to have a rougher time of it . i prefer to have 7 or 8 . i will say this , i believe i have observed that e.g. the heavy laster ( shoots twice , 2 damage each ) will only eat 2 shield points up if it hits both times . i always like to have a blaster in my arsenal , but fate will not always help there . there are two augments that , other things equal , really help in this fight : the " decrease weapon recharge time " augment . nuff said . this is always the augment i hope to get first unless i am going early cloaking . the " when you warp in all weapons are charged " . you might think this one will not matter as much but do not under-estimate it . it is a free volley to open the fight ! with the first augment and a great gunner you will be attacking every 13-14s at most i think . from there , it is back to luck . if he rolls exceptionally well on dodges ( and you do not ) , it can go south and there is nothing you can do about it . i have lost to him with a number of promising ships for this reason . tip your cap and go have a drink . cloaking is really powerful for ships who can get it , e.g. the kestrel . my poor federation cruiser is no longer cloaking eligible , but i have beaten the last guy several times with cloaking + cloak weapons . for form 1 , the weapon on the inner-right side of the boss ship ( actually , this one is always there but see below ) is a freaking gatling missile launcher . it shoots 3 missiles and it is super scary . i prefer to cloak when this is fired ( and hopefully he will be shooting other stuff too ) . ditto for form 2 . form 3 will be something you have to discover on your own . obviously if you run cloaking stealth weapons is a huge priority . but the 100% dodge you get from cloaking is really useful in the fight , so not having stealth weapons is not the end of the world . if i have cloaking i always try to get it to 3 points , but i consider 2 the minimum . that can buy you a lot of time to repair systems or deal with borders . doors 3 is really useful starting on form 2 of this fight ( and really useful in the last few sectors ! ) . i usually save that upgrade for late though . andrzej doyle is absolutely right that boarders can be really useful in this fight . it is important to keep in mind that there is no one path to victory . after the beta update that took away cloaking fed cruisers , i managed a few more wins . mostly beam-heavy stuff but i made great use of bombs in two cases ( i love small bombs because they only eat up 1 power but do 2 damage ) . i had a mixed-arms game ( using some boarders ) go really well until i ran out of places to repair and then lost in the second form . targeting priorities : shields are first priority , obviously . form 1 i like to go after the gatling launcher next . then it depends . weapons or engines . form 2 i go for the drone bay before the gatling launcher usually . the ship will throw a lot of drones at you . this helps alleviate that . form 3 back to targeting weapons . lastly , it takes more luck . sometimes you will prepare to do this series of fights and have repair nodes/stores near by that you can use to stay fresh . sometimes you will not . i have lost promising ships that way too - a node got swallowed while fighting the first or second form and i was too beat up to finish him . them 's the breaks . it took me a number of tries to beat him , and it can get frustrating . stick with it . you will break through eventually .
initial thoughts it seems like bt is the best choice if you look at it fully charged . but i am not sure . in terms of lifesteal - healing the botrk returns half of the damage from its passive back . which means ( very simplistically ) that to a champion with 2k health ( which is pretty medium ) and not taking into consideration the armor ( i will do the same for bt thats why i say simplistically ) it deals 80 damage and you heal for 40 . the extra lifesteal of a fully charged bt is 8% . so that being said if you have 400 damage ( which is a lot ) and the opponent has no armor you will deal 400 damage and heal for 32 . so the way i see it in terms of lifesteal , bt might actually be worse . it is also definitely more expensive and its also a kind of snowball item so its risky . you will most likely not have it fully charged the whole game . in terms of actual damage for the same opponent of 2k health and no armor ( lol ) you will get a bonus 70 damage per hit with bt and a bonus of 80 damage per hit with the ruined king . of course the lower health the opponent the lower the effect of ruined king . the only aspect that gives bloodthirster an edge ( in my opinion ) is critical damage and skills that scale with ad . when you crit that extra 70 damage i mentioned above becomes 140 . the on hit effect damage from ruined king can not crit . so if you have an infinity 's edge and a phantom dancer or trinity force maybe late game bloodthirster will definitely give you more damage . ( unless you got a mundo with 4k health there . ) as far as skills are concerned it is pretty straightforward that bt gives you more flat ad so it boosts your spells more than ruined king . and do not forget you get the active from ruined king too . final thoughts i totally forgot the fact that its nothing like madred 's . it uses current health not maximum . so as you can see if you have a champion with current health less than 1500 . you deal less damage than bt and i am pretty sure you are gonna heal for less as well . that being said in combination with everything i said above , i would go with ruined king only with opponents that have a maximum health of over 3k . outside link : here you can find specific numbers which pretty much draw the picture of this duel post patch 3.03 thoughts they now changed the item as follows : i like these changes a lot mainly because it no longer gets shadowed by bloodthirster . its now an item for a completely different purpose . if you want attack damage with your lifesteal the choice is even clearer now - bloodthirster . but if you want the extra attack speed and an ( even better than before ) on hit effect against health tanks blade of ruined king is your clear choice . by making this item more unique i consider this a buff . as a sidenote : after they took out mardred 's on-hit-effect tanky teemo ( malady , wits end , frozen mallet , mardred 's ) was seriously hit . with this item this build is back in town ( not as good as it used to be with mardred 's but still its nice to have the option to play it )
pc players can use the console to allow more than one follower at a time . after obtaining a follower , the playerfollowercount global varable is set to 1 . setting it back to 0 will enable you to obtain another follower . to set playerfollowercount to zero , open the console ( default ~ ) , type in set PlayerFollowerCount to 0 , hit enter , then close the console ~ .
no . city simulation is entirely client side as stated in this rock paper shotgun interview . the servers are not handling any of the computation done to simulate the city you are playing . they are still acting as servers , doing some amount of computation to route messages of various types between both players and cities . as well , they’re doing cloud storage of save games , interfacing with origin , and all of that . but for the game itself ? no , they’re not doing anything .
selling a building ( grandmas are considered to be buildings ) earns you 50% of the cost of buying another of that building . this is about 55% of what you paid for it .
currently the commodities ah is down , so i think you cannot buy pages off ah . you are correct , you can not upgrade the jeweler completely from the pages found in nm . nightmare : pages of jewelcrafting hell : tome of jewelcrafting inferno : tome of secrets ( common to jeweler and blacksmith ? ) i know nm and hell are pages and tomes ; unsure about inferno but you need them from all 3 difficulties to fully upgrade either jeweler or blacksmith .
he will have more locations after a short while . there are only a few word walls you will not be directed to by him , the ones that are encountered inside locations that are unlocked by major quests . if you do not want to wait , shouting in cities will get you a " letter from a friend " delivered by a courier with the location of a new wall of power .
most champions do not have a cooldown of this nature , although there is a window while the ability is resolving ( described as cast time on the wiki ) where you can not do anything else , which may be what you are referring to . there are exceptions to this however : udyr has a global cooldown on stance-switch , sona on song-switch , and orianna has a short one after each ball ability .
you have to upgrade the pearjet to level three fuel tanks and then you can fly the new york to london route
when an enemy flees they will not be attacking allowing you to chase them down and kill them without having to worry about enemy attacks . this can work especially well in caves , ruins etc . another scenario is when your surrounded by enemies , making some flee for a while could give you time to kill the others before killing them , instead of attacking them all at once . there are various other combat strategies that you could use the flee enchantment with .
daedra hearts are a rare drop from daedra mobs : atronachs and dremoras . they will not drop from conjured daedra , though : so no farming your conjured servants . good places to find daedra are during the daedric quests the black star and pieces of the past . in addition to that : one can be stolen from the nightcaller temple in the daedric quest waking nightmare one can be stolen from kodiak 's room in jorrvaskr in whiterun enthir in winterhold college sells 2 every 48 hours at a huge premium they will rarely show up for sale on random vendors throughout the world the wikia suggests a few other places as well : alchemists in orc camps will sell 2-3 of them babette at the dark brotherhood sanctuary one at hall of the vigilant directly south of dawnstar and near red road pass where a giant exists random chance to be on any of several vendors in markarth side
yes you can . up to four players can play " offline " multiplayer , while up to six players can play over xbox live/psn .
gipphe answers it best : pushes and pulls are two forms of hard cc that interrupt , or more technically disable champions . abilities that are interrupted do not finish their effects , so your jump will not do any damage if it is interrupted . if that does not satisfy you , let 's get into the meat of things . . . what is important to differentiate here is whether the jump is a continuous movement ability or a teleport/blink . in league of legends there is no concept of a height or being mid-air ; you are always moving along the ground at the same height as everyone else . this means that you are still affected by all abilities as normal while jumping . during continuous movement your hitbox travels with you in a straight line along the ground as you jump . this is why you can still be hit by veigar 's event horizon while jumping : your hitbox moves right through it ! during blinks your hitbox instantaneously teleports to another location , so you cannot be hit by abilities on your way . this is why blinks like flash do not trigger veigar 's event horizon - your hitbox never passes through it . pushes and pulls get special treatment in terms of continuous movement abilities because you can not be continuously moving to two different places ; something has to take precedence . what takes precedence is the last applied ability . so if tristana rocket jumps and is then rocket grabbed by blitzcrank , her jump will be interrupted and she will be pulled towards blitzcrank . if she is dredge lined by nautilus before blitzcrank finishes pulling her , she will instead be pulled towards nautilus as seen here . tristana 's rocket jump would take precedence if used after blitzcrank 's rocket grab . unfortunately for her , most continuous movement abilities cannot be used while you are being pushed or pulled , so you never get the chance to have your own ability take precedence . on the other hand , blinks have a varying window where they can be used after you are pulled . if they are used after then they take precedence , effectively blinking you to safety . the easiest blink to perform is ezreal 's arcane shift , followed by katarina 's shunpo . flash unfortunately gives little to no window for use after being grabbed , so it is difficult to flash to safety before you are completely pulled in . it is easiest to determine if your ability is continuous movement or a blink by how quickly you travel there : either over time ( whether quickly or slowly ) , or instantaneously . some examples of continuous movement abilities : tristana 's rocket jump lee sin 's resonating strike and safeguard jayce 's to the skies jax 's leap strike some examples of blinks : katarina 's shunpo ezreal 's arcane shift the summoner spell flash and there are also continuous movement abilities that cannot be interrupted . this means no form of cc can affect them . some examples : malphite 's unstoppable force vi 's assault and battery hecarim 's onslaught of shadows shyvana 's dragon 's descent fun facts because continuous movement abilities still move along the ground , they also trigger traps on the ground . this includes nidalee 's bushwack , caitlyn 's yordle snap trap , and teemo 's noxious shroom . you are immolibized by caitlyn 's trap and slowed by teemo 's noxious shroom after your jump . malphite 's unstoppable force used to be interruptable , which was highly anticlimactic for malphite players when they used their ultimate . until recently blink abilities could be interrupted/cancelled by certain flings and pushes . theses interactions have been cleaned up recently because they were pretty silly , especially given that flash would be cancelled and put on cooldown ( harsh ) . see patch notes 3.8 under general champion notes . in particular they targeted jayce 's thundering blow , singed 's fling , skarner 's impale , and volibear 's rolling thunder . i am in the process of looking for a replay of this , but i clearly recall voyboy 's jayce performing a flash cancel and i have done it myself ( pre-patch ) .
i agree with corroded that you should just give them the key , but to answer your question : if you purchase a copy of a game you already own , you may or may not receive a giftable copy to give to someone else . according to valve , the only cases where you get a giftable copy are : users who own left 4 dead and then go on to purchase " left 4 dead + left 4 dead 2 bundle " will receive an extra copy of " left 4 dead " users who own half-life 2 and go on to purchase “the orange box” or the " valve complete pack " will receive an extra copy of “half-life 2” . users who own half-life 2: episode one and then go on to purchase the " half-life 2: episode pack” , “valve complete pack” or “the orange box” will receive an extra copy of “half-life 2: episode one” . users who own dawn of war ii and then go on to purchase " dawn of war ii gold edition " will receive an extra copy of " dawn of war ii " users who purchase the available four packs for specific steam titles will receive three extra copies of that title to gift to friends . extra copies may apply as a part of some limited time promotions . in that case , information on what will be included with your purchase will be listed on the storefront 's transaction page .
if you are looking for games with as little cards as possible , the following incomplete list shows games which only have five cards each : do not starve super meat boy the swapper dlc quest trine 2 bastion the walking dead bleed counter-strike : global offensive defy gravity for a probably complete list of games with trading cards , have a look at this one costs : with a current card price of ~ . 2$ per card , that is about 1$/badge , so 100xp for 1$ . due to the level limit you cannot do this forever with the same game though other ways to obtain xp are : " years of service " i got 250 xp for five years , so i guess it is 50 xp per year . costs : time " pillar of community " just do 14/22 of the stuff mentioned there ( post a screenshot , trade , link to facebooke etc ) . costs : data " director of acquisitions " some xp per game you own ( 1-5 xp/game , see here as per nolonar 's answer ) . i do not know how dlcs count here , and the scaling is probably non-linear . costs : a lot - even with an optimistic 10$/game you have to spend about 1000$ for another 100xp once you have many games " steam summer/holiday sale 201x ; potato sack ; trading card beta tester": xp based on the achievements/participation . costs : a time machine . . . so in summary , apart from the up to 200 xp from the " pillar of community " badges the most promising source of xp are indeed gamecard badges . the badges with fewer gamecards are probably easier to obtain , but then again they may also be more expensive on the market .
you start the dlc by using the fast travel system to go to the first area of the dlc . from there , you will receive a new mission and further instructions . these are the areas you are looking for : captain scarlett and her pirate 's booty : oasis mr . torgue 's campaign of carnage : badass crater of badassitude sir hammerlock 's big game hunt : hunter 's grotto tina 's assault on dragon keep : unassuming docks note that you may be restricted from playing dlc by your level and/or story progression .
for the most part , nope . no reason not to always have an ammo power activated . an exception might be if you are specced into , for example , the final rank of incendiary ammo and the explosive effect would be inconvenient for some reason ( perhaps you are trying to snipe a target without blowing up a strategically placed explosive barrel or something . ) those situations should be pretty incredibly rare though . ammo powers will never leave you vulnerable , they will not cost you credits , will not damage your weapons , and will not kill your fish . they will allow you to do more damage , apply useful debuffs , and , with upgrades , carry more rounds .
sadly , no there is not . the only method anyone has come up with is to leave mos espa cafe or something close to the bottom level empty of bitizens and use the ! notifier as a quick way down . this is not desirable on several levels , though . you lose revenue , and it makes the function of the ! notifier not reliable for other levels .
yes , it is included in the dps value . if you will notice , the speed of this weapon is listed as 1.09 attacks per second , while the standard polearm has a speed of just 1.00 . the one thing that is not considered is the potential 15% bonus from dual wielding .
it is relevant to the games story , so you do not need to worry about it for now . however , if you really want to know . . . late game spoiler warning after collecting the song of the hero , and completing the the skyloft silent realm , you will receive an item that goes inside of the statues other eye . doing this will reveal the final temple , containing the three pieces of the triforce .
you are correct . this is how the game decide 's who is conversation choice is the one to be picked .
with the release of patch 2.0 , diablo 3 now has ' dynamic difficulty ' . this means that as your character levels up , the monstars/enemies you fight will also ' level up'/scale to your character 's power level . of course you can always increase the game difficulty , making them even harder to defeat , but even on lower difficulty settings , the monsters will be more powerful for you if you are on a level 70 character than if you were on a level 1 character . they become harder to kill ( more health ) , and also become more powerful ( they deal more damage ) .
no . there are no xbox mods for skyrim ( and there probably will not ever be either ) .
as you go up with difficulty : game speed increases . brutal is on " fastest " and each difficulty below that is likewise one speed setting lower . computer ai gets better . brutal opponents will target your medics first , if possible , for instance , whereas normal and even hard ai opponents will be content to fire at the marines being healed by them . ai gets more preplaced units , and attacks with larger groups of units . example : 2nd mission : the mineral / gas cache above your start location is unguarded on normal and casual , but on hard , you have got a marauder and two marines . on brutal , you have got hammer securities and war pigs instead ( the stronger , merc versions , of the respective units ) some achievements become attainable . no mission achievements are attainable on casual . normal nets you an achievement for completely finishing ( inc . bonus objectives ) each mission , as well as a specific achievement related to the mission itself . hard offers a third achievement , and brutal difficulty is required for the " beat all missions in the campaign on brutal difficulty . ( duh ! :p ) enemies start with upgrades / upgrade sooner numerical objectives may also increase : the number of opponents you must survive on the " in utter darkness " mission increases with difficulty ( and note that the achievements for this mission are based on kills beyond the mission requirements . the 3rd achievement for " in utter darkness " is much easier to get on normal , as when you earn the achievement on normal difficulty , you will have just slain enough enemies to win on brutal difficulty ) no change in cutscenes , etc , that i know of .
depending on the mods installed , /butcher [radius] should work . of course , you had need access to the commands to do so .
use gcfscape and open up the portal 2 content file , found at \steamapps\common\portal 2\portal2\pak01_dir.vpk ( for some reason it is unlike tf2 and hl2 which use .gcf 's ) there will be a directory structure visible in the program , browse to \root\sound\vo\ and go nuts with probably close to 1000 audio files in a couple folders : cores 1 , 2 , and 3 are the . . . " space " , " fact " and " adventure " spheres , respectively . the final joco song is \root\sound\music\portal2_want_you_gone.wav , . . . and some other talking stuff ( turrets mostly ) are in the \root\sound\\npc\ folder . outside of the .vpk with the audio files , the subtitle file can be found at \steamapps\common\portal 2\portal2\resource\subtitles_english.txt ( or _czech , _danish . . . ) you can actually use this to quickly find an audio file by searching for a word or sentence fragment , e.g. " nine": the related audio file would be in the .vpk , \vo\announcer\openingcourtsey01.wav
according to this answer by sean : there is no party experience split . all members in your party will receive the same experience as long as they are within " a screen and a half " of the kill . the experience you will not receive comes from bonuses like the massacre bonus or boosts from equipment .
do not sell alloys , elerium , or intact components . alloys go into almost everything , elerium goes into lots of high-end awesome things , and stuff like flight computers go into the cool vehicles later . damaged stuff is ok to sell , as you can not do anything with it . you will need lots of alloy and elerium , and there is never an amount of this stuff that is " too much " unless you are near end-game and your stores are overflowing in all the neat shiny end-game toys . and even then you probably should not sell this stuff . how many high-end craft you build is a matter of taste . but the high end craft will perform better than our " mundane " stuff , even without the awesome high-end munitions . gun parts would also fit here . though if you can capture a lot of aliens you will capture a lot of alien tech intact . you will likely have to build some high-tech weapons on your own at some point , though . in addition to that , you pretty much need 1 of everything for research , but you knew that already . some items might be marked as having no research value , you can sell those . i am pretty sure ( damaged ) items are thusly marked , in fact . it may be these are the only items like that . the items will be marked as having " no research value/safe to sell " in the grey market sell screen , when you select them ( it will be so marked in the description ) . as kotekzot notes , you can also safely sell alien entertainment , surgery , and stasis tanks . i think i have seen all there is to see and i can not recall anything else that is safe to sell off hand . corpses can be used in certain construction , e.g. muton corpses for i think titan armor , and floaters are used for the dodge power up i think . also , council requests will occasionally come in for corpses . i sell some but i like to keep a decent sized stack in reserve and i do not sell anything muton or " worse " . it is worth pointing out that council requests are uncommon , so saving all your corpses probably is not going to pay off . council requests will probably be of much greater value than selling the corpses , to be sure ( i sold 6 light plasma rifles for $1500 ) . as of enemy within , you can get gene mods from autopsies , in addition to the existing research benefits . by request , here are the things you can spend corpses on researching/building . the list is not yet complete as i can not check every price in my longest game as i have already done a bunch of it . i will update as i track the rest of the items down . cost in corpses ( yuck ! ) of various items outsider shard - ( 1 ) skeleton key ( but i am not sure if you can sell these anyway ) . chrysalid - ( 4 ) chitin plating ethereal - ( 1 ) mind shield berserker - ( 1 ) combat stims floater - ( 3 ) dodge power up heavy floater - ( 4 ) advanced repair , ( 2 ) advanced flight cyberdisk - ( 2 ) tracking power up , ( 2 ) advanced flight drone - ( 2 ) drone capture , ( 2 ) advanced flight sectoid - ( 3 ) aim power up , ( 4 ) xeno-biology sectopod - ( 2 ) advanced construction thin man - ( 4 ) improved med kit new from enemy within : thin man - ( 2 ) gas grenade chrysalid - ( 2 ) needle grenade seeker wreck - ( 4 ) ghost grenade cost in components for various items ufo power source - ( 1 ) firestorm , ( 2 ) elerium power generator . ufo flight control - ( 2 ) satellite nexus , ( 1 ) firestorm , ( 2 ) alien nav computer fusion core - ( 1 ) blaster launchers
masseffectsaves . com has a page dedicated to how you can transfer saves from pc to xbox 360 and from 360 to pc . however , it does not appear you can do this with the ps3 .
i like your question - it is straightforward . yes , msdn provides confirmation that this will work and of the limitations imposed on the xbox 360 controller when using directiput : the xbox 360 controller is properly enumerated on directinput , and can be used with the directinputapis . however , some functionality provided by xinput will be missing from the directinput implementation : the left and right trigger buttons will act as a single button , not independently the vibration effects will not be available querying for headset devices will not be available i am not sure if it is clear from their infomation as it is generally targetting software developpers rather than users , but with a default pnp driver for windows vista or windows 7 , the controller should use a common driver that will work with xinput when applicable while also pulling up under directinput when not - but of course the above limitations will apply under directinput . for older versions of windows , the default is usually a directinput driver and you would have to seek out the xinput driver . using a wired xbox 360 controller , you can use a custom driver such as the dated xbcd to overcome many of these limitations and provide for further customization for the xbox 360 controller under directinput . note that this setup would require that you add a wrapper library to the game directory of games for which you want to use xinput . commentary on this driver has been almost always favourable from what i have read and it was still being kept up in 2011 . there is a fairly dated ( 2008 , i think ) alternate driver for the wireless controller called x360wc , but i have found few clear details as to what functionality it provides with respect to directinput - here is the only guide i have pulled thus far . from what i have read , it works well . as this driver comes from a japanese point of origin , support is a bit sparse .
command block that block is the command block , commonly used for server owners with server commands . it is possible to break with a wood pickaxe . it can not be normally crafted . currently , it is not available in the creative mode inventory either . item frame the other block is an item frame . the item frame is craftable with 8 sticks and a leather in the middle . this is what the item frame looks like . this is how you make it . [ images from minecraft wiki and minecraft101 ( dot ) net ]
actually , since we are talking spoiler , check this video to see what happens : basically everything is ruined , joker becomes an immortal and takes the city . the game ends , with barbara gordon crying out loud over a radio line . but , if you watch it to the end , the game will rewind to the point of the decision , and let you choose again . : )
gun bros is not cross-platform . android players can only add another android player but not players from iphone or fb online .
blizzard has done a fair job at balancing the two to make them both manageable in instances . the fundamental difference between disc and holy is the play-style in my experience . disc is primarily about reacting prior to damage using abilities such as power word : shield and divine aegis to mitigate damage before it happens . as a holy spec , the healer must be aware of the damage that is about to come , and rather than being able to pre-heal the player receiving the damage , they must be able to respond to the damage in a timely manner . in many boss battles , you’ll know when the tank is about to get beat on with a special ability . this would be the time that the disc priest would bubble the tank and prepare to also add heals as necessary once the shield has expired . a holy priest would begin casting a heal early so that it finishes about the time the damage is done to the tank and managing the chakra spell to react to whichever situation is most appropriate ( group heals or focused-tank heals ) . each spec has their own damage reduction/healing cooldowns . disc has power word : barrier which lowers the damage taken for everyone in the bubble , and pain suppression which lowers damage for the character it is cast on . holy has guardian spirit for increased healing on the target , spirit of redemption for 15 secs of healing if you die , and lightwell which other players click on to return health . both priests must manage their cooldowns effectively to keep the tank and rest of the group alive . i’ve healed as both specs in group settings and they are both viable options for 5-mans . it all comes down to what you prefer : bubbles to help take some damage and heals to recover from it or managing your chakras and timing the spells to respond when they are needed .
short answer : yes . yes . no . when you put a pokemon or wake up a pokemon , the game saves for security purposes . so you do not lost your progress . when you are leaving the entralink , you already did what you needed to do , this is why the game does not save at this moment . complement it does not save after you collect your dream items from the boy or leave entralink . if you restart without saving , your items will still be with the boy in the entralink . source by jonathan drain
could be multiple reasons . but basically your game asked to be connected and never received a response . usually you want to check : firewall settings router/modem settings ( port redirection ) ip config of the minecraft server ( he should listen from the ip of your pc or 0.0.0.0 , not 127.0.0.1 ) check you specify the right port in the connection box that you use the correct ip address or server name ( and that he does resolve correctly ) that your server has a working internet connection as well
i use the master 's yellow belt ( painted black , of course ) or other small hats . the other larger hats may throw off some noob snipers , but i prefer to minimize my visual profile to avoid being seen as much as possible . sometimes large hats can be seen over a fence or other obstruction when the sniper would normally remain unseen . the snipers nest area in hightower , for instance , has a fence leading up to the stairs that would allow a large hat to be visible behind . sniper battles are ideally won by attacking from an unexpected direction .
if you use the jdk instead of the jre then you can use the following command line to force the jdk to use all available cores for optimising java itself ( source ) : as you are clearly using windows , have you considered yams ? ( full disclosure : i made it ) . yams will do all this for you
there are a few ways to gear your templar if you are using an int based class ( wd/wiz , which " etc . " are you talking about ? ) . use your barbarian/crusader hero to farm some str-based items you can also re-roll main stat on an item so that it would be beneficial to your follower be patient and wait for some drops , loot 2.0 and smartloot still gives you some " useless " items once in a while play with somebody else , ask him/her to give you decent items for the follower of your choice
if you match two hypercubes it will clear the entire board . i think the same thing happens if you match 3 , however i am not positive on that one .
the faction cities are located in the vale of eternal blossoms , the alliance city is called shrine of seven stars and is located in the south east of the zone . the horde city is called shrine of two moons and is located on the northern edge of the zone , just west of mogu 'shan palace .
you do not have to fill in all the empty spots to win this achievement . you also will have to do 2 run throughs to be able to collect enough nodes to do this . everything carries over on your 2nd play through . you can find some guides for the 360 version at least on true achievements
from my experience ( based on the demo version ) , your best bet is to fall away from the enemy , towards open space , then after gaining some distance turn the camera around 180 degrees and press ■ to launch towards the enemy . if you need to adjust your direction mid-flight , i recommend you press ■ again ( without stopping in mid air ) , as long as you generally keep flying in the original direction you will keep your forward momentum ( i.e. . if you start your attack again mid flight , it will not be from zero speed )
in general , item levels are completely auxiliary . they have no gameplay effect and i do not even think most traders care about them .
you can still get the altruist acolyte achievement even though you would have done all the random encounters . you can take a taxi and take the fares to the altruist camp .
when you look at your profile you can see the amount of ' nice ' ratings you have received . apart from that , it does nothing .
the launcher will automatically update minecraft to the latest version when you click play … unless you have accidentally told the launcher not to . if the button says play and bottom-right of the launcher says welcome , [ username ] ready to play minecraft 1.6.2 then you have somehow told minecraft to never update past 1.6.2 . fortunately , this is easy to fix . why is this happening ? the launcher has a use version setting in your profile which it uses to decide what version of minecraft to download and launch . by default it is set to " use latest version " , which means it will always check for updates and install them if it finds any . if it is instead set to a specific version of minecraft , it will never try to update to anything else . somehow , your profile has this option set to 1.6.2 , and the launcher is dutifully following the launch orders it is being given . this can also happen if you have modded minecraft and have set up the profile to launch the modded version . ( forge 's installer sets up such a profile for you automatically . ) in this case , not updating is because " a modded version " is a specific version of minecraft . forge sets up the profile this way on purpose since an update will wipe out forge and disable your mods , which is not usually something you want the launcher to do to your carefully-modded game when mojang releases an update . updating to the latest version you can change the use version option by clicking the edit profile button in the bottom left of the launcher . set it to " use latest version " and then click save profile . the profile editing window will close and now in the bottom right the launcher should say welcome [ username ] ready to download and play minecraft 1.6.4 if this does not happen or the big button says play offline you may not be online or mojang 's servers may be having trouble . make sure you have a working internet connection and double-check that mojang 's servers all show a healthy " green " status . if their servers are not working right , you will just have to wait until they are back online and can serve your update request properly again . i see " release 1.6.4" in that option . why not choose that ? you can also set this to " release 1.6.4" to accomplish the same thing . . . for now . you will get the same problem next time minecraft updates , though . unless you know what you are doing , do not set this to anything other than " use latest version " .
use a mod ( for example less psychic police or less vehicle heat ) to increase the threshold of police reaction run/fly away . police are only aware of you within a certain range , so if you call in either an extraction ( can not with heat , forgot about that ) , or a black market chopper and fly up really high , the heat will fade . then just bail out/reingress and continue the fun .
you have built too many houses too early . you should only build houses when you have adult children of both sexes still living with their parents* . when you then build a new house , two of them will form a couple and move in together . when there is an empty house , an adult living with their parents , but no potential partner in the same situation , they will move into that house alone . this happens when you have empty houses available and children turn adult or you only have adult children of only one sex . once a citizen experienced the joy of living a single lifestyle , they will be single for life . they will never let a partner move in with them . but note that women bear children even when not living with a husband . so having lots of single-households does not hamper your population growth - it just wastes space and resources . * ) i am not sure if they need to live in different houses , of if it is possible for siblings to form an incestuous couple .
those buildings have absolutely no effect , only build them if you care about how your city looks .
to start flying using the touchscreen controls , double-tap the center ( jump ) button . its icon will change to a wing . to fly up or down , swipe from the center button to the up or down arrow , and hold . there are a variety of other interactions among the direction buttons , though none that are necessary like this one ; i suggest playing around . ( source : experimentation . version 0.6.1 alpha . )
what you want is a multiplexer or mux . a multiplexer allows you to select from multiple inputs ( your latches ) using a smaller number of control bits . i have built a quick multiplexer myself since all the tutorials i found on youtube were long and confusing . this is my 4x2 mux . the red box indicates a simulation of your latches . to begin , we need to interface your latches with the beginning of the multiplexer . 1 . connect the outputs of your latches to the circled terminals . next , we look at the multiplexers . there are technically three 2x1 muxes configures to create a 4x2 mux . what you just connected your latches to were the first two muxes . 2 . build the first two muxes . in front of the redstone torches from step 1 , there are repeaters pointing towards the green block . the pistons will select which latch signal is passed through . now we have two signals to deal with instead of 4 . connect the pistons as shown . this will mean our signals are either 0 and 2 , or 1 and 3 . 3 . jump over the redstone . this is just a quick and dirty way to get the two signals where we need them . 4 . build the third mux . this should look similar to the first two . moving to the end . 5 . build the output and control station . the blue wire controls the third mux , the yellow controls the first two , and the red is your output . remember , a lever is a 1 when it is down . if you number your latches from left to right as [ l3|l2|l1|l0 ] , you will get this table
you need to go to the area with a wall and doors in it . this area is one of the first you visit . it is just beyond the area with the first two enemies in physical realm in a room with light coming from the ceiling and the first cube puzzle . when you first visited it , there was a dialogue sequence between raziel and the voice of elder god . this area can be accessed through the " vortex under bridge " gateway , and you should go away from the bridge to reach it . the last door in the stone wall is a grate that you can now pass through using the new power gained from defeating melchiah .
there is no way to jump any higher in a vanilla single player world . from the minecraft wiki page on transportation : using any method of elevating yourself that relies purely on jumping , including climbing a slope without stairs and pillar jumping , you cannot rise faster than about 2.0 m/s . sprinting allows you to jump further horizontally , but not vertically . from the minecraft wiki page on sprinting : it is possible to jump across four blocks horizontally ( although difficult ) , instead of the usual two blocks by sprinting , however the jump height is no higher than normal .
in pokemon emerald , each berry lowers evs by 10 . it was not until generation iv ( diamond/pearl ) when the mechanic changed and the first berry reduced evs to 100 . so in theory , gyarados could scoff 26 of those berries before it gets full ; )
i also had issues with this battle using a party with no tank . a few things helped me finally beat it : whenever a party member is targeted for melee by the rock wraith , kite him around , he will do much less damage if you just stay away from him and let your ranged attackers continue to do damage . watch for him to form up into a shield , as he will then do a fast rolling attack targeting one party member . if you can figure out who he is targeting , its an easy dodge by running perpendicular to his charge . save your aoe/damage over time spells ( i.e. . firestorm , tempest , etc ) for when he falls to pieces in a rock pile . he is immobile and will take full damage . focus down his minions that he calls in while he is in the rock pile state first , before attacking him directly . once they are all dead , focus all your attacks on the rock pile . lastly , always pay attention for when he will do his aoe shining light attack as it causes mass damage that is hard to recover from . successfully hiding behind a pillar for this attack makes a huge difference . chug potions like there is no tomorrow . if you have any poisons for your rogues to use , drink them too . this is easily the hardest battle thus far into the game .
yes . in fact , the pools can overlap also . so an enemy standing still can get hit by the 3 heads at once , and be taking 18% x3 damage per second . they also last for a time , so they can stack again .
if you uncheck elective mode in gameplay options , the action bar will once again be locked .
feed both animals their specific food at same time , while they are beside each other . that will make them have hearts above their heads and breed with each other . sheep - wheat cows - wheat pigs - carrots chickens - seeds , any type ( wheat , pumpkin , melon , or even nether wart ) horses - golden apple or golden carrot tame wolves - any form of meat , cooked or raw tame cats - raw fish
after searching , i have found no way to change your password from anywhere within the game . there are no external tools to change the password other than hexediting the actual save files . for the moment , i am going to say it is not worth your time to try and change it , especially if it is a valuable password . just delete and start again . by the way , uplink does not delete your save files when you retire an agent , it merely moves them to a " deleted " directory , so if you are very concerned , you should delete them manually . on linux your save files are located in ~/.uplink/ as NAME.usr and NAME.tmp ( replace name with your profile name , obviously ) . on windows they should be located in /Program Files/Uplink/User/ or something similar . i do not know where they might be on mac .
the following abilities will affect all weapons : leadership ( when aced ) hard boiled ( when aced ) overkill ( when aced ) the mag plus skill in tier 6 of the technician tree increases magazine size for all weapons that do not have a fixed magazine size . this basically means " all weapons " excluding the bronco ( it is a revolver . . . ) and the mosconi 12g ( it is a double barrel shotgun . . . ) . in addition to the above , each class of weapons gets additional bonuses as follows ; pistols pistols are affected by the abilities equilibrium , gunslinger , leadership and ( excluding the stryk 18c ) sharpshooter . the pistols in game are as follows ; chimano 88 crosskill bronco . 44 bernetti 9 stryk 18c deagle all pistols are secondary weapons . pistols fitted with silencers ( the bronco . 44 cannot be fitted with a silencer ) also pick up bonuses from silent killer and the professional . shotguns shotguns are affected by the abilities shot impact , shotgun cqb , hard boiled , overkill and sharpshooter . the shotguns in game are as follows ; reinfeld 880 izhma 12g mosconi 12g locomotive 12g all shotguns except the locomotive 12g are primary weapons . it is possible to silence all of the shotguns apart from the mosconi 12g , and doing so will pick up bonuses from silent killer and the professional . submachine guns submachine guns get bonuses from smg specialist , which can be aced to provide further bonuses . the submachine guns in game are as follows ; mark 10 compact-5 para cmp krinkov kobus 90 submachine guns are secondary weapons . they can also be fitted with silencers allowing them to pick up bonuses from silent killer and the professional . assault rifles assault rifles are affected by the abilities kilmer , rifleman and sharpshooter when aced . the m308 rifle is considered a single shot assault rifle due to its semi automatic nature . this means the m308 rifle picks up bonuses from sharpshooter to reduce spread , in addition to the aced bonus . the assault rifles in game are as follows ; amcar ak car-4 uar jp36 ak . 762 m308 ak5 amr-16 assault rifles are primary weapons and they can be fitted with silencers , allowing them to pick up bonuses from silent killer and the professional .
the butcher run by far is much better , as you get two bosses . you do not want to start on the butcher phase but the one before it where you kill the warden . what we did was teleport to the cemetery of the forsaken clear the fake tombs ( if it has 2 levels it is the real tomb ) . there is usually a special event the jar of souls , or the the matriarch 's bones quest . we would grab 3 stacks then do the event . jar of souls usually was really nice for gold since there is just so many skeletons you can kill if you have good dps . once we finished we would take the way-point to hall of agony level 2 , exit to highlands crossing then to the cursed hold . the cursed hold is fantastic as there is just so many easy skeletons to kill that can drop 1k+ gold . once you free the prisoners the warden spawns in the middle of the map . he counts as a full boss . so because you now have 5 nephilim stacks . he drops 5 additional loot . finish the run off heading to halls of agony level 3 and kill the butcher for his normal loot and 5 additional drops due to the nephilim stacks . update : the other nice thing about those 2 events that i mentioned is both of the rewards require a click to activate . what this means is you can put on all your magic find gear then activate the reward .
no , there is no such option in diablo iii . ( blizzard decided against it after they found out that during play-testing , players tended to switch to magic find gear just before landing the final hit on a boss : ) source
i started by removing my gear to get best controlled answer possible to make my damage not fluctuate so much . i equipped a low level bow to my demon hunter and went to hell act one . there i started my tests on zombies using my elemental arrow since it does the same damage under different element types due to runes . against the zombies i use elemental arrow with no runes as a basic constant . it dealt around 200-300 damage each shot . i then changed the runes to frost arrow and electric arrow . the outcome was the same 200-300 damage . i decided to test my idea on a more diverse group of enemies . i found some carrions and moon clan , repeated the experiment and had the exact same outcome . i decided to use test on a creature that i was positive had some type of resistances , inferno zombies ( which are on fire ) in the halls of agony level 2 in act 1 . i shot the monsters with fire and it averaged around 160-250 a shot . electric averaged 200-300 , and frost arrow averaged 200-300 . i then decided to try to see how this scaled with gear . i equipped some of my gear and went back in to the area . my fire arrows were averaging around 1,800 while my frost arrows were averaging around 2,800 . as a final test i decided to go to act 2 and hunt down a construct . i found a chilling construct and a burning construct and shot basic elemental arrow ( which is fire damage ) and averaged for around 2600 damage on the chilling but 800 on the burning . swapped to the frost arrow rune and averaged around 1000 damage on the chilling and 2400 on the burning . then swapped to the electric arrow and averaged around 2500 damage on both constructs . from the test i have gathered that an enemy has a high resistance to the element that it is , but will not have lower resistances to the opposite elements of its type . also , an easy way to tell what element type a creature is would be by the type of damage it is dealing ( example the constructs stated above . )
nope , there is no way to cancel it . you have just got to wait for the mind control to wear off , or for the alien to die . of course , you can speed up their death through the use of free-aimed explosives ( rockets and grenades and such ) , but otherwise there is not much you can do .
the wiki is a bit vague in describing where can fire be started from a lava block . the behavior is similar to fire spread , but it is not identical . when you deal with fire mechanics there are three basic things that can help you understand it : fire is a block ! although visually it looks like some block is burning , the fire is an independent block that is adjacent to the " burning " block . try setting a wooden wall on fire and see how you can take damage as soon as you touch the adjacent to wall blocks , while visually you are still almost one block away from the fire . fire blocks can only exist adjacent to flammable blocks . fire needs air block to be able to spread with one exception : if a flammable block is adjacent to fire , it can burn out - in this case fire can take the place of the burned out block . having said that , fire can spread in a 3x3 column from 1 block below to 4 blocks above it . fire can jump over gaps and blocks , so you cannot contain it by covering it . any of the glass blocks here could be turned into fire block , if it was an air block and there were an adjacent flammable block : fire can also be born from lava . fire is always created above the lava position . fire can be created in a 5x5x2 shape above it ( see the example - fire can be created at any of the glass blocks , if it was an air block and there were an adjacent flammable block ) . to prevent lava from creating fire , cover it fully ( 3x3 ) with blocks that have a collision mask . once a fire is created it behaves like a normal fire and can spread further according to fire spread rules . in conclusion , this will never burn :
to interrupt another player 's ability ( regardless of whether or not it is channeled or cast time -- it is the same ways for both ) you can stun them , silence them , or kill them before the cast-time completes . all channeled abilities can be interrupted by the channeler if you press " s " ( stop ) , click to move somewhere , or your champion gets stunned , silenced , knocked up , or otherwise interrupted . knockback alone is not enough to interrupt a channeled cast , as shown here
i found an independent source , namely an faq on gamefaqs that says the quests i am talking about never go away ! which is a bit annoying since i am a completionist , hopefully the other versions of fable are not like that , but is less annoying now that i know i am not missing something .
the character level is the number of upgrades you have purchased from the manor .
many of these blocked in areas , including this one , have a small hidden passage where a character with dwarfism can get inside . the hidden passages are darker than the rest of the walls . in this particular case , the top square of the left wall of the box is the secret passage , i believe .
because weapons , unlike armor , need to be upgraded more frequently . staying ahead of the curve when it comes to your weapons is one of the most important factors in succeeding at higher difficulty levels . they hold such a huge influence on how much you can dish out in a given time , and therefore also directly impact your survivability , as killing something faster means taking less damage . since weapons do not bind to a character in any way when equipped , you are creating a situation where everyone is just paying a fee for a short term equipment rental before putting it back on the auction house for the next renter . couple this with all classes being able to use most weapons , and you have a situation where supply will constantly be pulling farther away from demand .
as far as i can tell , you have only one option : shoot the police officer standing at the subway entrance . to do this you have to be standing somewhere where he cannot see you - so you do not get shot first - so firing from somewhere inside and dark , such as a darkened window or doorway will work . it would not surprise me if this was not possible on all levels .
you can stop every script from moving or resizing the browser by going to file-> options-> content-> advanced ( next to " enable javascript" ) and unchecking " move or resize existing windows " , or similar , i am using the latest beta , the feature has been around a long time but it might have been moved .
there is a prompt on the kill cam that says the y button to cancel tactical insertion ( assuming xbox 360 ) , but i have not been completely successful in getting it to work . a quick google showed a few other people complaining about the same issue .
like the content within the most recent 4.0.3 patch ( i.e. . , the shattering ) , all the changes and new quests , etc . are available to anyone with the base game . according to the official patch notes : http://us.battle.net/wow/en/blog/1214741 the new race / class combinations are already available in the game . ( see the 2nd bulletpoint , reprinted below ) : new race/class combinations in the wake of a world on the brink of destruction , members of the horde and alliance have taken to new cultures and studies , mastering crafts previously foreign to them . many existing playable races now have new class combinations . check the official world of warcraft : cataclysm website for a breakdown of the new combinations .
there is no cross-platform multiplayer in mass effect 3 . all players have to be on the same platform .
check out this sites guide on this puzzle . it is part of a quest where you interact with velehk sain . uesp 's page on the midden explains how to activate it : hope this helps
the relevant code for health growth and energy drain is here : since both energy_speed and health_speed are constant , you can see that health grows at a linear rate . the code for a punch event is here : energy = Math.min( 100, energy + punch_energy ); health -= punch_damage + punch_damage_random * Math.random();  again , punch_damage , punch_energy and punch_damage_random are all constant . putting these two facts together , if your health is below 100 , and your energy is above 0 , then it makes no difference when you punch yourself in the face . the question then becomes when is the optimal time for the first punch ? ideally you want to time your first punch to bring your energy back to exactly 100 , and since punch_energy = 20 you want to time your punch to be when your energy hits 80 .
the issue was that dns i used , so i used google 's public dns , which is free , safe and fast . you can use google dns here , and get troubleshooting help from here .
yes , they do grow back . i do not know specifically how long it takes , but here 's an idea : i got a house ( gossamer end ) in canneroc , webwood , and upgraded it to grow some plants in the basement . i return to this house after each quest and by that time any plants that i had picked on my way out have often grown back . i can say that some plants ( *seem to ) take longer to grow than others , but for the most part , they do not take long . maybe a day or two in game . unrelated : i just wanted to add this . . . do the forests in this game conjure thoughts of james cameron 's avatar ? they do for me . okay , time to stop talking and getting back to playing .
for the purpose of achievements , you can backtrack by loading previous chapters via the menu . play game > load chapter . this only works for the ' eavesdropper ' and ' sightseer ' achievements however . the last collectible achievement ' infused with greatness ' must be completed on a single playthrough so if you can remember the first infusion that you missed you can load that chapter and play to the end , getting all of the infusions and it will pop .
one of them is in the cave behind three ogres and four pillars . always take the left most door ( on the top or bottom , even if you just came through it . ) the other one is in town , on the far right . go through the portal ( the sparkly bridge thingy ) , wait for the item to spawn , interact with it .
if you are both always playing on the same console , then i do not think it is necessary to build two season passes . all dlc and xbla games have the following licensing restrictions : all gamertags on your home console ( i.e. . where you normally play , and you ( probably ) originally downloaded the item ) can use it your gamertag can use the item on another console , assuming the console is connected to live . so as long as all the gears 3 uses the standard xbox live licensing ( i do not see why it would not ) , then you should both be able to use all of the gears 3 dlc assuming you are both always on the same console . as an aside , at least for the versus maps ( not sure about horde mode ) , but as long as the host has the dlc then everyone can play on the new maps ( even if they do not have the dlc ) .
endermen can pick up a limited number of blocks . they can also place these blocks in another location . they cannot , however , pick up any entities , including all items , such as tools or blocks that have already been broken .
it can shoot down any flying vehicle except the stealth bomber . it can be destroyed by aerial vehicles , or any gun , even a single knife attack will destroy it . note : uncertain about the recon drone .
in order to reconcile the geth-quarian war and gain the most out of the situation you need to score at least 5 points on the following list mass effect 2 decisions +2 for tali is exonerated at her trial ( eg not exiled ) +2 for destroyed the heretics +1 for resolving the tali/legon conflict with a renegade or paragon solution as noted in this answer , if you did not import a game and started a new mission in me3 you will have saved tali , tali will have been exiled by her people and legion was never activated and thus the heretic mission would have have appeared . ergo this avenue is closed if you started a new game file . mass effect 3 decisions +1 for rannoch : destroy the geth squadron on rannoch ( aka fighter base ) +1 for rannoch : save the admiral ( not his men , the admiral ) you must also complete legion 's mission in me3 or the peace options will note be available . you need a high reputation to get the paragon/renegade options to appear . if you rewrote the heretics in me2 instead of destroying them , and still manage to achieve peace , you will get more war assets but there will be less quarians .
all of the old wii controllers and accessories still work with a wii u , as long as the games are prepared for them . the wii remote is the standard controller as it was originally released with the wii . the wii nunchuck and wii motionplus are accessories to a wii remote - they plug into the bottom . the nunchuck is a secondary controller with an analog stick , and the motionplus is a device that contains additional hardware for detecting movement more accurately . note that they are not independent controllers ; you have to plug them into a wii remote . a wii remote plus is simply a wii remote with a built-in motionplus - there is no other differences , and it will work as a regular wii remote for any game . this is usually a better choice than the standard wii remote , since some games require a motionplus , but if you are not going to play any of those , then it does not really matter , and you could always get a motionplus at a later date if you need one . so , do you actually need a wii remote ? it depends on the games you are going to play . if you are going to play local multiplayer , that almost always requires another wii remote per extra person ( game and wario is a rare exception to this ) . if you are going to play any wii games ( including , you need one wii remote per person . if you are only ever going to play single-player wii u games , then you probably do not need one - but you may still want a wii remote : although almost every wii u game can be played exclusively with the gamepad , there is at least one exception ( wii sports club ) , and more might show up later ( e . g . the next zelda game , if they keep the sword controls from skyward sword ) . furthermore , many games allow the use of a wii remote - you might prefer that for some titles , especially if it does not also support the pro controller . if none of those reasons apply to you , then you are likely good to go with the controllers you already have - and if a game comes along that makes you change your mind , the wii controllers are still going to be available then .
some people have had success with the following : un-equipping/equipping the arrows in their inventory storing all the arrows in thier inventory into a chest/corpse getting shot with more arrows by a bandit , then killing that bandit .
my brother and i are currently playing monks together , and while there are two of us a lot of this information might be useful . i will use the deeper well map as reference . map awareness is key for a monk . all of your auras that can affect the creeps in a progression manner have an elemental association that will allow creeps of that type to be immune . you need to keep an eye on the map as often as you can to see when one slips through . ranged damage is what you should be focusing on as a monk . melee is fun and should not be neglected , but try and find a multi-shot weapon as soon as you can with good damage output . this will help reach that one creep nearing your crystal . enrage aura description : these are your bread and butter for controlling creep progression . they require multiple creeps to be in them at a single time as an enraged creep must have something to attack or it will keep walking like normal . a combination with a slow aura to keep things in the aura longer can help . fire creeps appear immune to this aura ( or i have just had rotten luck with them ) . ensnare aura description : these are great for slowing creeps down with two main focuses , keeping creeps within an aura to affect them longer ( enrage or lightning aura ) or giving you reaction time when you see a creep who has slipped through one of your aura zones . poisonous creeps appear immune to this aura . lightning aura description : your main damage dealing aura , this aura can rival the damage output of any other class 's defenses . the downside is that the damage is 100% elemental . lightning creeps are immune to this aura . healing aura description : while nice i really only use this in boss battles when receiving damage really is not up to you . weaken aura description : another aura that has limited use . often you will find better use for your defense points than this aura but it can be handy near a crystal to reduce damage to it and you . alrighty , information about how awesome enrage aura 's are . these should be the first auras that creeps run into . if possible put them at choke points where multiple columns of creeps come together . for the deeper well this is at the bottom of the initial staircases . combine them with an ensare if you can to give the ragers a good chance to attack . these also act as a sort of wall when put in choke points as creeps only try for so long to go in one direction before they turn around . we have noticed very often that creeps will bounce back and forth between these auras and not advance when set up as mentioned above . next , you will want a lightning aura right after the enrage auras . anything that makes it through the enrage aura is already going to have lower than max health and this will take out most of them . this will kill any of the fire immune creeps that just pass through the enrage . these auras are also useful where creep flow is minimal . for the deeper well that is top paths where only one or two creeps will appear and go for the crystal . combination on these low creep paths with an ensnare aura helps but you should consider putting down two auras just to be safe . any area that is not covered by the top two paragraphs should be after those areas and in path ways leading to your crystal . i highly suggest filling up these areas with as many ensnare auras as you have the defense points left for . consider a weaken or healing aura near the crystal where you may have to get up close and personal with a creep . and while it seems odd , i also recommend having one path always have one less ensnare aura than the others . this will be your go to path when you have creeps coming in multiple directions ( note that this should be a minimal number of incoming creeps ) . this makes it very clear which one to clear out first and can often help by getting the creep to you sooner . that pretty much sums up how i/we currently play monk only . edit : application of the things detailed above . the next 2 levels add in another choke point on the last 3 hallways towards the crystal . simply repeat the pattern above for the extra path to the crystal . start with the enrage so that when things get fed up they will try and go to one of the other paths . for the third level ( magus quarters ) you have to take out the flying creeps . you -can- set an aura that they will run into but its not a guaranteed placement like for the ground creeps . when dealing with the alchemy lab ( this is where we developed these strats actually ) you use two enrage auras as close to the lower entrances as possible with the lightning ones right after it followed by another slow . then up where the stairs come down from the main entrance put an enrage on each winding stair case down . this keeps them in the enrage as long as possible . in the center of the flat areas is where you put the slow and electric auras , then where things converge again consider another enrage or a slow . this keeps you in the center ready to take on the few lightning immune that make it through the enrage auras . what you should notice though is that the lower entrance creeps will be caught between the enrage turrets and wander back and forth . i am not saying you will for sure be able to make it through the entire game as a monk and i can almost guarantee you will not be able to do it on insane , but the key is to find the choke points where creeps meet and enrage them so they will then turn around and go the other way to the other enrage aura . some times these areas are very near the crystals like the 2nd and 3rd level , other times they are near the creep entrances like levels 1 and 4 . i have not gotten to ramparts yet , but i would imagine the lower entrances , at the bottom of each narrow stair case is the best place with the enrage then other auras , up in the mid section there is a point where the creeps will split for the side stairs on the lower and upper crystal which is the place for the enrages there then the front steps , same thing . you will again need to take care of the flying creeps most likely by hand . i can not stress map awareness ( learn to play holding down the shift key if you can ) and the use of a multi-shot ranged weapon . . my level 24 monk , for example , has a 4 shot 102 damaging weapon . takes out most things on hard in one shot if i am up close for all four bolts to hit them . just cause i have a ranged weapon does not mean i use it at ranged , it just attacks faster than a swing .
while you cannot disable internet connectivity as a whole , you can disable the internet browser using parental controls . you will need to go to settings > security settings , set a parental controls password ( 0000 being the default ) , then enable internet browser start control . source : playstation knowledge center
Void Talisman will interrupt channeling afaik ( using void talisman and then teleporting will break the void talisman . ) not interrupting : Assassin's Shroud / Genjuro since it is based on windwalk . when used before voodoo jester 's ultimate your hero will get visible again . when used after voodoo jester 's ultimate your hero becomes and stays invisible for the shroud duration . Barbed Armor . can be used at any time . Energizer . can be used at any time . since i play a lot of dota 2 and hon i tend to mix some facts up . so please correct me if i am wrong .
check the heat maps in your recent games section to locate the high traffic choke points which are the prime locations for your sentry gun . if you have access to the call of duty elite beta , that site lists all of the maps including spawn points and objective locations ( depending on game type ) so you can further plot your automated mayhem .
the second to last trophy is awarded for killing the baby mantis in level 1-4 . i do not see how you got all the trophies without getting that trophy , because you have to kill the mantis to get perfect on level 1-4 ! are you sure you have all the trophies ?
combining two runes will give you a random rune of the same tier . combining 5 runes will give you a random rune of the next highest tier . you cannot combine 5 tier 3 runes at once ( as there is no tier 4 ) . the rune combiner is random . it does not matter whether you combine marks , glyphs , seals , or quintessences -- they all work with each other , and the output can be anything . the idea is that , generally , runes themselves are priced such that it is slightly cheaper to generate a tier 3 runeset from your old runes than by buying the tier 3 runes on their own . for instance , the level 1 +ad rune is 15 ip , while the level 2 +ad rune is 80 ip -- if you bought 5 of the level 1 runes , combined them , and wound up with a level 2 +ad rune , you would have saved yourself ip . unfortunately , as mentioned earlier , this process is completely random . if you have tier 1 and 2 runes , by all means , combine them to higher levels ; the rune combiner is just a way to possibly recoup the ip you spent on runes you no longer find useful , but it cannot be counted on to give you what you want . you might luck out and combine 2 random runes into a +dodge quintessence ( very expensive ! ) -- or you might get a mana/5 mark ( with a tertiary stat , and probably not worth the ip cost of your combined runes ) . it is very much a gamble , and you do not get anything exclusive from it , so use it if you need to get rid of t1 / t2 runes , and safely ignore it otherwise .
as of the halloween update : you do not have to worry about zombie pigmen ( they are , after all , neutral mobs until provoked ) . ghasts can safely be kept out by restricting yourself to not using any of the 4x4x4 ( or larger ! ) areas that they need to spawn . keep a tight ceiling , and you will be fine .
build a huge army stack ( like 30 units ) and station it on that province . it will take a few years , but eventually it should trigger a horde .
the ftb launcher allows you to point to external . zip file extensions to load when selecting your mod pack . you can select the optifine . zip to be included as a " jar mod " when the modpack 's own mods are loaded , and it saves you from editing the . jar yourself . i have done this before , and it does install optifine , and if changing visual settings , zoom , etc . is your goal it works just fine . though personally i found my fps to drop ; i am not sure why and uninstalled it before i did too much investigation .
as mentioned here , you can use the command-line parameter -lang en to change the language to english . the site also suggests that the game checks your os language when starting the game , so changing your windows to english should also do the trick . a third option is to use steam , where you can use the language setting directly :
constructing a building you will never use is a waste of production . you are much better off switching to wealth in an economic city , for example , and science in most other cases . of course , you may decide that you are done building up and turn all cities that have enough production to have finished building specialized buildings into military cities so that you can quickly crush the rest of your opposition , thus creating cities with dual specialization . do that only if it helps you win faster than producing straight wealth , science , or culture . military ( i.e. . production ) cities should switch to science in peace time ( produce a library first ) to help finish the game faster if you do not want to win by wiping out everybody . note that a factory is a must in a military city : you want to be able to produce modern units in 1-2 turns so that you can quickly react to threats , if necessary . also note that if you have time to build every single building , you should work on winning more quickly before moving up difficulty levels .
this page has a list of all the accomplishments and the reward associated with each : virtual pro accomplishment list from this list the following accomplishments will improve strength or agility : arena 14 ) check out the fakeshot – perform the fakeshot when inside the penalty box agility +1 24 ) beat a player with skill – dribble past any opposition player or the goalkeeper using any skill move agility +1 physical 01 ) beat 2 players – dribble past two players in a single match with your virtual pro agility +2 05 ) win 3 headers – win a minimum of 3 headers in any match with your pro strength +1 08 ) 2 jumping headers – win a total of 2 jumping headers in a mathc with your virtual pro strength +1 13 ) win 5 games – play in & win at least 5 total matches as your virtual pro strength +1 19 ) 2 career volleys – score 2 goals from any type of volley in your career agility +3 24 ) 25 total headers won – win a total of 25 headers in the course of your career strength +1 30 ) win 150 tackles – win a total of 150 tacles of any type in your career strength +2 33 ) 10 matches in the rain – play through at least 10 matches in rainy weather conditions agility +3 39 ) get fouled & win 50 free kicks – get fouled & win a total of 50 free kicks in your career strength +2 42 ) volley in consecutive matches – score with a volley of any type in 2 consecutive matches agility +4 47 ) play 100 games – play in and complete 100 matches with your virtual pro strength +2
flying is a cheat/shortcut built into new game+ ( a mode after finishing the game once ) . it is available once you get perspective controls back . press ↑↑↑↑ ( up 4x ) and jump . there is no in-game explanation—it is just something you find . a helpful tip : when flying downwards and triggering gomez 's " falling to his death " animation , you can avoid collapsing upon touching land by jumping just as you make contact .
fez is really about exploration and fun puzzles . i myself have not beaten it , but the way i figure it is that you basically go where you want to go and do what you want to do . as you mentioned in your own comment , i think it is subjective . it is possible that there are some people that do speed runs and have it down to an art , but beyond that i think you should just enjoy it to your heart 's content : )
there is no fix for this . it is the only way to play split screen .
i will address each of your questions one-by-one , as there seems to be some confusion : what is preventing players from receiving new quests in the new 80-85 cataclysm zones ? there are several reasons why you may not find any quests in a zone where you know you should have quests : quest-givers that have quests that significantly below your current level will no longer show up on the minimap and will not have exclamation marks above their heads unless you check low-level quests in the minimap tracker . certain quest hubs will only unlock when you complete a so-called breadcrumb quest : this is especially true in cataclysm . you might be overlooking one quest somewhere relatively off-the-beaten path that is preventing a whole slew of quests from opening up . you are in the middle of a phased quest chain . see what happens if you complete the quests you already have , or abandon quests . is it a bug that has not been smashed or confirmed by blizzard yet ? there is no bug confirmed by blizzard about not receiving quests . the fact that thousands of people have been able to quest without issue is a good sign it is something you are missing with your specific situation , like the scenarios outlined above . are there level caps for each of the new zones released with cataclysm ? there is not a level cap that prevents you from picking up quests : you can pick up level 1 quests even at level 85 . will i be able to come back though and pick of these missing quest for each zone after hitting level 85 ? yes . in fact , i just did that with two of my characters . are there others who had similar issue but it was resolve after hitting 85 ? in the comments on this answer , you mentioned that you have found others with the same problem as yours , so presumably that is the answer . as mentioned above , it is not particularly widespread and there may be something you and others in the same boat have overlooked ( it happens to the best of us ) . is it [ the warchief 's ] fault ? probably not .
the great thing about desktop dungeons is that no single strategy works in all cases . i agree that the strategy you are trying is probably not going to work for the crypt . if you are just looking to beat it with any class , try a paladin . since he has a significant bonus against undead , you should easily trounce the level . as far as beating it with a wizard , it sounds to me like you are relying too much on magic . wizards are quite powerful in melee combat as well . you should be using burndarays to soften up monsters so you can finish them with melee attacks when possible . wraiths have very low health . obviously you have to watch out for their mana burn . look for high level ones that you can soften up with your spells , then finish with a melee attack to level up . vampires have fairly low base health . they can get high from the life drain , but you can fight them to remove that and then go heal and come back to finish them off ( since they can not life drain again or heal above their base value ) . zombies are tough for a wizard , ignore them until you are higher level so that you get the free first strike .
the short version is , yes , focus on raising your knees , and making exaggerated movements . the further away from your body and the more exaggerated the motion , the better . the following video shows a guy demonstrating some advanced techniques for each event in the track and field portion of kinect sports , along with his performance in the game and some commentary : the longer answer follows : ) the kinect works by trying to draw a 3-d model of your body based on a depth map generated by the kinect 's sensors . the kinect has a color camera for taking images , and a monochromatic ir laser and ir sensor for depth perception . the following photo is from wikipedia 's kinect article : this is a processed photo of a person with a laptop on a table in front of them . the color coding indicates the distance from the camera as perceived by the kinect . the " red " areas are closer to the kinect sensors , while the yellow areas and green areas are further away . as you can tell from this , the kinect is likely to have difficulty distinguishing things that are very close together and at the same distance from the sensor . this person 's right hand is clear once you have seen the original photo , but to the kinect it could be part of the keyboard rather than a distinct object . when you move your knees out in front of your body , you are giving the kinect a better chance of " seeing " them as different objects at a different depth . motions that move your hands or feet outside of the plane of your torso are also easier to detect . the kinect is likely to have an easier time seeing your hands if you are holding your arms away from your chest , rather than keeping them next to your sides or up against your stomach , for instance . it seems to me that it should be possible to " game the system " by changing the way you present yourself to the system . for instance , if you had something attached to your knee that ran upwards towards your waist ( like a shin guard put on too high ) the kinect might see that and think it was your knee . you could move your leg up a relatively short distance and the kinect might interpret that as you bringing your knee up rather high . since you can make this motion with less effort and considerably faster , it seems like you had have an advantage . i also wonder if it would be easier for arm and leg motions if your arms and legs were high contrast versus the rest of your body . the kinect 's depth sensor is monochromatic , so slightly different colors would not make any difference , but changes in the brightness of what you are wearing might . you could try wearing a shirt that is long sleeved and had a black chest with white sleeves , or pants that had a different color below the knee .
in the current version of minecraft 1.0 , sheep do not regrow wool . as stated in the wiki , this was added in the newest test version , which is called week 49 snapshot . in that test version , sheep eat the grass off of dirt blocks and regrow their wool when that happens .
you have to unlock them by completing their loyalty missions , after which you can select them with a new ' cycle appearance ' button when forming your party before a mission
like some of the other posters , i too am not getting the achievement for winning , though i am playing as washington . i have also tried different methods , both cultural and un . other achievements work fine . like jon , above , i suspect it has something to do with the recent patch , though it could be a change on steam 's end when they started working on the new achievements for bnw .
the higher your level the more " showcases " you can add to your profile which includes : you will want to join the steam trading card group to level up your profile . from the trading cards faq : what is my steam level ? your steam level is a summary of your badges and shows off your trading card collection and participation in steam events . each badge earned increases your xp , and every 100 xp gives you an added steam level ( at least to start ) . how do i add a showcase to my profile ? once you reach steam level 10 you can pick and customize a showcase from the profile edit page . each 10 steam levels earns you an extra showcase , i.e. two showcases at level 20 , three showcases at level 30 , etc . what are the direct benefits of my steam level ? you get more options to customize your profile , and the maximum number of friends you can have on your friends list increases .
normal difficulty act 1 the fallen star : 1-6 the legacy of cain : 1-9 a shattered crown : 2-10 reign of the black king : 4-13 sword of the stranger : 5-13 the broken blade : 6-14 the doom in wortham : 8-16 trailing the coven : 8-16 the imprisoned angel : 12-20 return to new tristram : 12-20 act 2 shadows in the desert : 12-20 the road to alcarnus : 13-21 city of blood : 14-22 a royal audience : 15-23 unexpected allies : 15-24 betrayer of the horadrim : 17-25 blood and sand : 18-26 the black soulstone : 18-26 act 3 the siege of bastion 's keep : 21-29 turning the tide : 22-30 the breached keep : 23-31 tremors in the stone : 23-31 machines of war : 23-31 siegebreaker : 24-32 heart of sin : 24-32 act 4 fall of the high heavens : 25-33 the light of hope : 26-34 beneath the spire : 27-35 prime evil : 28-36 nightmare difficulty act 1 the fallen star : 29-35 the legacy of cain : 31-36 a shattered crown : 31-37 reign of the black king : 33-38 sword of the stranger : 33-39 the broken blade : 34-39 the doom in wortham : 35-41 trailing the coven : 35-41 the imprisoned angel : 38-43 return to new tristram : 38-43 act 2 shadows in the desert : 38-43 the road to alcarnus : 39-44 city of blood : 39-45 a royal audience : 40-45 unexpected allies : 41-46 betrayer of the horadrim : 41-47 blood and sand : 42-47 the black soulstone : 42-47 act 3 the siege of bastion 's keep : 44-49 turning the tide : 45-50 the breached keep : 45-51 tremors in the stone : 45-51 machines of war : 45-51 siegebreaker : 46-51 heart of sin : 46-51 act 4 fall of the high heavens : 47-52 the light of hope : 47-53 beneath the spire : 48-53 prime evil : 49-54 hell difficulty act 1 the fallen star : 49-52 the legacy of cain : 50-53 a shattered crown : 51-53 reign of the black king : 51-54 sword of the stranger : 52-54 the broken blade : 52-55 the doom in wortham : 53-55 trailing the coven : 53-55 the imprisoned angel : 54-57 return to new tristram : 54-57 act 2 shadows in the desert : 54-57 the road to alcarnus : 54-57 city of blood : 55-57 a royal audience : 55-58 unexpected allies : 55-58 betrayer of the horadrim : 56-58 blood and sand : 56-59 the black soulstone : 56-59 act 3 the siege of bastion 's keep : 57-60 turning the tide : 57-60 the breached keep : 58-60 tremors in the stone : 58-60 machines of war : 58-60 siegebreaker : 58-60 heart of sin : 58-60 act 4 fall of the high heavens : 58-60 the light of hope : 59-60 beneath the spire : 59-60 prime evil : 59-60 inferno difficulty inferno difficulty is not available until you reach level 60 .
most likely a bug . a search of the bethesda forums yields this thread , specifically : skyrim 's game day cycle is not properly synchronized with the game 's clock , with days changing at seemingly random times instead of 12:00 am when it is supposed to . if this continues for extended periods , it can result in a seriously broken clock , which can have disastrous effects on the game 's ai . specifically , any packages that are tasked to be executed on a certain day will become broken because the game day is cycling at . . . say , two in the afternoon . the cause of this bug is currently unknown , but what is known is that it needs to be fixed , as it is game-breaking . there have also been sporadic reports from ps3 users saying this has happened to them , too , though i cannot confirm it for them . if that is the case , the problem might be that the game day cycle is frame-timed ( though i can not say for sure what the problem is ) . " one poster thinks that it is a bug from the fallout 3 engine ( on which skyrim is supposedly based ) : this is a bug carried over from the fo3 engine ( not sure whether it was in oblivion ) . it is not the calendar that is messing up , but the day of the week transition , the two of which seem to operate somewhat separately . so i think you will find that the calendar has been managing fine , but it is the day of the week that will get all out of whack , changing at strange hours of the day . maybe they will actually fix it this time , but considering how long it is been lurking in the game engine , i am not holding my breath . " bonus round : a plea from a fellow frustrated gamer @rockpapershotgun . com to fix skyrim already . read the comments for some lovely puns !
on steam you can get an achievement for finding 5 of them . besides that , there is a trait for the minotaurs , called head hunter . it gives you +3 attack for every skull carried in the inventory .
the rate-of-fire endorsement definitely improves the tank 's jet gun . this info comes straight from the developers : http://www.mondaynightcombat.com/forums/viewtopic.php?f=16t=979 rate of fire endorsements ( total recoil , dr . trigger , itchy finger ) affect most weapons . this includes : sword dagger jet gun you can see this most clearly when playing as the tank and attacking bullseye : ) update : critical shot also affects the jet gun : http://www.mondaynightcombat.com/forums/viewtopic.php?p=9869#p9869 i thought i mentioned in my initial reply that rate of fire does affect heal/hurt gun , as well as sword , dagger and jet gun . critical shot affects all those things as well . ( note that he corrected himself later about rof for the heal/hurt gun . this will be fixed in a later patch ) .
after some testing using bots , i have concluded that : disguised spies show a random amount of loaded ammo to enemy medics . it appears to be uniformly random , with some example numbers for pyros and heavies ( /200 ) being 16 , 54 , 71 , 97 , 107 , 129 , 134 , and 147 . as a result , you will appear to have full ammo only 1/clip of the time ( 0 does not seem valid outside melee weapons etc ) , so unless your held weapon does not need to reload the medic will probably not want to über you . i can not test this on my own , but this might mean that you can see an ammo number for the cow mangler , righteous bison , or pomson that is not a multiple of 5 . since the medic ammo display shows these weapons ' loaded ammo as multiples of 5 ( as i remember ) , this will be a dead giveaway . reloading your revolver does not change the number . usually a fake-reload will help your disguise , but if an observant medic 's healing you , this will blow it . changing disguise weapon re-randomizes the number . this one 's very hard to notice . i can not test on my own whether collecting ammo pickups affects the number , but i suspect not . since it is random , the spy has no idea what he is displaying . just like real medics and spies , medic and spy disguises show "übercharge : 0%" or " disguised as x " instead of an ammo count .
legends has 40 of the levels from origins , remastered with tweaks here and there . " . . . bringing the majority of rayman origins into the upcoming sequel . " and " the levels are handpicked to highlight the best levels of rayman origins . " seem to indicate that unless you really want to get every last bit of origins , legends is all you will need . source : http://www.gametrailers.com/side-mission/56980/rayman-legends-gets-more-game-with-remastered-origins-content
you do need to find a weapon bench . there is one during the mars mission , if you can find it , or you will eventually find one in the armory on your ship . if you end up at the screen with the words " weapon loadout , " you have found the right spot . for the mechanics of how precisely to change out the mods , see this question .
fortification is , as the wiki describes , an alternative barrier skill that gives an armor bonus . fortification reinforces armor with a non-newtonian fluid that hardens when struck , providing a brief , huge bonus . reinforce armor using protective foucault currents . purge the current and send its charge to your gauntlets for increase melee damage . slows power usage by 60% . damage reduction : 15% melee damage bonus : 50% melee damage duration : 20 sec you can see the power ranks for fortification at the wiki too .
making pilots eject are based on several factors : the relative condition of your ships . if his ship is almost dead and your ship is pristine , then the chance is higher . if you have high amounts of energy left , that helps as well . how fast you deal the damage . if you dish out a lot of damage on a short period of time , they are more likely to bail . your combat rating . the higher it is , the higher the % . the size of the ships . you are not going to make heavy fighters bail as often if you are in a dinky scout . there seems to be bail checks set at various levels of ship hp . if they do not bail at 90% , taking them down to 50% will trigger another chance . if they are almost dead ( &lt ; 10% hp ) , then no matter what you do to them they will not try to bail again , just finish them off . also , having a high shield but low hull damage weapon , like a pulsed beam emitter , helps a lot . use that to zap away their shield real fast , then nibble away at the hull until they bail . finally , i do not know if terrans will actually bail , at least in x3:tc , you could not make atf ships bail . if you take your pbe mounted fighter and go find a bunch of m5 and m4s , you will get them to bail quite fast .
premium box was a boxed edition in japan . came with a poster , little crystal cube with the game logo etched inside it , a decal , and the game . i believe all the atlier plus games have had basically the same thing . here 's the totori version with some good pictures . http://nisamerica.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=9t=10240start=195
you cannot add items from the workshop to your game unless valve adds them to the game . wherever you subscribed to this item , it must have been outside the official tf2 workshop , which is located at http://steamcommunity.com/workshop/browse/?appid=440 . the only way to play with those models would be to set up an own server and load those models into the game . more information about that can be found here .
for starters , i am incredibly surprised you have managed to avoid knowing the answer to this question since 1997 when the game was released ! well done , in a way : ) i would recommend just playing the game and finding out the answer to your question , as it is more meaningful to find out through the game than just reading it online . but in case you are really desperate . . . yes , she is totally , utterly dead . like most deaths , it is irreversible ( zombies excluded ) .
no , at least , not currently : tekkit classic is a fully bukkit-ized version of tekkit running minecraft 1.2.5 . we will continue to support tekkit clasic until a solid and reliable replacement for forgebukkit comes around . the technic platform also offers tekkit lite which appears to have a similar mod list , but without the bukkit portion , and the feed the beast packs also include similar mods , but the tekkit that was in 1.2.5 is still in 1.2.5 until forgebukkit can be replaced .
the base skyrim game has a bug in that the random encounter dragons respawn but they do not reset . this means that the corpse gets moved to the random encounter position without being resurrected , and you either get a live dragon with no loot / dragon soul , or a dead dragon corpse instead of an actual , you know , dragon . while there is no way to handle this in the base game , this is one of the many things fixed by the unofficial skyrim patch , which you can download and apply through steam . fixed some encounter dragons not burning up nor giving the player a soul when slain ( respawned dragons were not being properly reset ) if you are playing on the xbox or ps3 , however , you are out of luck .
missions will " stall " like this if there is an enemy hiding somewhere , as the game is actually waiting for combat to end , not a timer . you can usually flush out remaining enemies by running out from cover , or failing that , meticulously checking every nearby nook and cranny for hiding enemies .
here is a video showing exactly where she is . it is easier to just watch the video to find malena but basically go away from the waterfall along the path leading back to the village , then make a left along a short path , then make a left again on another path that heads south west sort of . you will see a cut scene with some guy asking for help , then you fight some monsters , keep going up by the broken wall after you fight them , she is hiding behind the wall , watch out for the traps .
an abandoned building will eventually be reacquired if its problems are resolved . you can see why the building was abandoned by clicking on it to bring up information that building . in many instances this will be a reason like the building having no water or power , there not being enough jobs within commute distance , pollution or backed up sewage , or the building being damaged by fire . abandoned buildings will have a negative effect on the land value of nearby buildings , and have an increased chance of catching fire . keeping abandoned buildings around over the long term will drive down land value for the surrounding area and it is usually recommended that once the building goes ' dark ' ( visibly darker than the surrounding buildings - like the one in your screenshot ) that it has begun to decay and will soon reach a point that it is better to bulldoze that building to prevent it from causing damage to the value of the surrounding buildings . when you activate the bulldozer tool , all abandoned buildings of any zone type will begin flashing with an orange symbol with a line through it to make them easier to locate .
no , they do not die . if they go to 0 health , they disappear from the battle and reappear sometime later ( even if the same fight is still going on ) . it was easiest to test this with the skeleton king . my templar " died " a couple of times and came back 30 seconds or something like that later ( although that number is just an estimate , i have not measured ) .
you can use "-novid " in for any source game . to add it , right click on game and select properties . then " set launch options " and type in "-novid " . this will skip the launch video .
yes ! go into the options menu and then the gameplay tab and there is an option called elective mode . this coupled with advanced tooltips will improve your play experience . while elective mode is on , you can drag and drop spells on your hotbar , or you can even select more than one of any category of spell by using the left and right arrows in the spell select screen . for example , i can use all 3 focus spells , by having the focus spells take up the defensive and secondary slots as well if i like .
this is a problem with settings configuration . from the main menu , hit start , and go to audio video , then to matchmaking voice . reach has two settings for this , team and player , and all players . the default is all players , but at some point it might have got changed , so setting it back to all players should allow you to hear everyone , including opposing players .
yes , you can open region chat simply by pressing " enter " this will send a message to everyone playing in your region . if you wish to have individual conversations , it is best to add the player as a friend on origin .
sadly , no , you can not unlock the house . but maybe aniwey will make that house " openable " in further updates
the azure flute was never distributed . the only ways to obtain an arceus in a gen iv game were through the following events : 2010 ( europe ) through a movie giveaway from 17th february 2010 to 28th may 2010 . 2009 ( america and japan ) at toys ' r ' us from 7th november 2009 to 15th november 2009 . and in japan from 5th november 2009 to 16th november 2009 through a movie giveaway . otherwise , you could also obtain it in gen v games , black/white through the pokemon global link following a vote from all people across the world . it was available in japan from 5th november 2010 to 31st january 2011 and 1st february 2012 to 1st may 2012 for usa , europe and other countries , that is when i got my arceus . you can get more details here .
to copy steam game files from another computer to save you having to download the full game , simply do the following ; cancel the download on your machine and delete local files for the game close steam on your computer copy the whole folder borderlands 2 from your brother 's pc into Steam\SteamApps\common delete the . exe since every user has it is own . exe if steam drm is used ( what bl2 in fact does ) tell steam to download borderlands 2 and it will discover the existing files verify files to get your own . exe and make sure nothing is corrupted
no , you will not encounter sectoid commanders and outsiders in the end game , as they are replaced in their post of " commanding aliens " by ethereals . but you have already researched at least an outsider , as there is no way to reach gollop chamber without it . a " live " outsider is an outsider shard that you need to locate the alien base . sectoid commander interrogation provides you with psi research credit , which is not required to reach the end game .
the traps will have a subtle visual change in appearance . some more obvious than others . lightning rods should be the easiest to spot . when inactive , the rod itself will be on its side . when set , the rod is pointing up into the air with sparks and will have a slightly audible electrical hum . it will only affect enemies if they step close enough . it will trigger after a short delay . it can be disarmed by shooting at it . spike traps can be just as noticeable if you are observant . when set , a tripwire will be strewn across the pathway and the handle will be down . if walked across , the player will be crushed by the spikes instantly . this affects all players , even yourself ! it can be disarmed by shooting at the rope or using the handle again . snares are much more difficult to spot . when inactive , you will clearly see the rope on the ground and you will see many loops . when set , it will be slightly transparent , have less loops and the noose is connected to the piece of rope going away from the coil . if walked across , it will ensnare the player raising them up in the air hanging . when ensnared , they can escape if the rope is shot . i do not think they can be disarmed however . ( the rope is outlined here just for visibility , it will not be as visible in the game ) player laid traps ( land mines or fake ammo boxes ) will not be as easily noticeable . they will trigger after a short delay before detonating . you will just have to pay attention to the ground and remember where pickups are in the map . it can only be triggered by enemies . out of place ammo boxes should be obvious . just do not move too slowly or you will get caught by the blast . in general , it helps to know where all the traps are in the map so you do not accidentally walk into one that is set . at least you will be prepared to ignore it or be cautious .
a late answer but for anyone curious , once you are pulled in whether you do not know when it is coming and can not find cover quick enough or you just do not focus on the health , completely understandable , there are a few tricks you can perform . take note , this move often occurs around 15-30% health region . terramorphous will also become extremely vulnerable to attacks at this stage as well . of course the character you are is the most dependent on what you choose to do , assuming you are level 48-50 , otherwise just leave . . . anyway these are the best methods i could advise you to do whether it be solo or 4 player co-op . zer0: if not already adjusted , adjust zer0 's skills points into " bloodshed " as deception mode is fantastic ! throwing kunai is also a nice bit of help . also wield a weapon , usually a magnum ( often called the law ? ) , or something like that with an under-barrel blade allowing you an additional 100% damage approximately . once being pulled in activate deception mode early if you have kunai , and pelt with kunai whilst ensuring you have the bladed magnum ( law ? ) equipped ready to being melee attacking , non-stop . once touching terramorphous unleash your deception mode enhanced , additional melee damage and skill enhanced melee attacks into him , bringing his health down rather rapidly , from the state it is in . in brief : equip bladed weapon , slasher time . axton : just ensure that axton can throw down his sabre turret and do your damn best to stand behind the turret as this can work like the rocks at the back of the area , helpful because the rocks can not hold 4 people , not even 2 in my experience , you kinda just keep fighting each other for the spot . . . anyhow , keep blasting away while your turret acts as another player causing damage and hope for the best that you do not get pulled in too early , as axton is one of this most difficult players to be at this time . in brief : drop a turret , gun it down . maya : she is extremely useful throughout this entire fight keeping herself and other protected whilst making terramorphous more vulnerable to all attacks , assuming the skill tree has been adjusted . during this wormhole part , using mayas ability can actually reduce the damage taken from being in contact with terramorphous , depending on what part of terramorphous you are touching , but again , use the ability to weaken terramorphous and spray her down . in brief : cause giant bubble , pop giant bubble . salvador : could there be a more obvious option with him ? spray , spray , spray , spray , spray and maybe roar while doing it . your options are very limited with this character , for the simple matter he is a f@# and ing psychopathic animal , eating machine ! just make sure you equip two good weapon choices for this final moment , probably launchers with large clips size around 4-8 shots in each clip as this final part should not take long . in brief : gunzerk , do not miss i unfortunately can not help any further as i have not used the mechromancer or psycho but would imagine they are of better use as dlc character usually have some over power form to them . hope this has helped and if not , go talk to claptrap , he will make me more persuasive . enjoy !
on the following image i additionally marked wards i use on regular basis in above average mmr ( ~3700 ) . works on ap mode on public matchmaking where counterwarding is less common . read full guide here for more detailed explanations about the marked colors and places . for average skill games with low warding and no counterwards , you should focus mainly on red dots especially 2 hills near the runes with the priority of upper one in early game and lower one later when killing roshan becomes more likely . having at least one ward near the rune will eliminate the chance of going the wrong side when timing runes the hills will give you more vision than placing wards on the ground easily prevent ganks since the river is most common way for ganking seeing enemy team attacking roshan is huge advantage also it reveals path near secret shop and neutral camp wards should be placed as early as it gets and replaced just a bit before they expire ( you can see the timer ) , it is the best if you can go grab a rune and place new ward at the same time so you do not lose much " lane time " , if it is on opposite lane you could port there and combine it with a gank or push attempt . there are 2 types of wards observer wards and sentry wards the ones you need are observer ones the other is used to reveal invisible enemies and is placed directly on the line near combat ( pink ) if you want more advanced video guides you should check xv rogues channel
in dota 2 , to be able to go back to the fountain with any heroes you need to own either a tp scroll or boots of travel . if you have one of those in your inventory you can double tap the hotkey of the inventory slot to teleport to fountain . hotkeys for inventory slot can be set in the parameters menu . if your question concerns the action " walk back to the fountain " , there are none such command ( unlike courier who has a " back to the fountain " action ) .
jame 's guides are rock solid ! here 's a version for the alliance and for the horde i can verify that if you follow his guides , his xp estimates are not too far off . they are especially great when having to level an alt . though this may change towards cataclysm the site also gives some general tips for leveling . my advice : follow them !
the max level in the borderlands 2 base game is 50 , giving you 45 skill points to spend . gearbox actually has a character planner on their website ( which can be found here ) that should help you pick out your skills . borderlands 2 's " ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack " , available for $5 ( or as part of the season pass dlc ) can be purchased to increase the level cap from 50 to 61 . the ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack 2 : digistruct peak challenge dlc further pushes the level cap to 72 for those who own it .
not only is the horse faster ( not even considering their higher base stamina -- horses can sprint much longer than a stamina-light dohvakiin ! ) , but they can be ridden while encumbered . so if two dovahkiin ( dovahki ? ) were to race across a flat plain , one on a horse and the other on foot , the horse-bound hero would win every time . horses are marginally faster so what about when you are not traveling in a straight line ? turns out , the horse will still win , as , despite their cumbersome turning , horses flaunt a blatant disregard for physics that can quickly turn into an incredible timesaving path . consider : when you are on foot , you must run around any mountains in your path . horses , on the other hand , have no qualms with running straight up the mountainous slopes . image credit to emperorr of reddit .
easy to get it seems . just go through the first few scenes and you should get it automatically . just do not fall off the edge in the wharf district , because then the game will continue without awarding the achievement and you will have to start over .
it might be possible in theory , but it would take an incredible amount of effort and is , in my opinion , not worth it . if you remove all corruption and hallow , you will be removing the sources for quite a few of the late-game materials . if you are really hell-bent on it though , your best bet would be to , as soon as it appears , surround it with 4-wide tunnels/shafts . corruption/hallow can jump up to 3 blocks , so a 4-wide tunnel will prevent it from spreading past it . then you can use purification/vile powder to clear it , although that will be quite tough as well , as you will have to tunnel a grid through it to ensure you get all of it . you might want to infect a few of your flying islands with corruption and/or hallow first , though , so you still have some access to the materials .
i do not believe this will help . even if covering the ocean with floor prevents the waves from being displayed , the simulation will still calculate them ( the df wiki says waves " seem to move independently of constructed tiles like walls and floors . " ) . hopefully you can find something on the framerate wiki page that helps .
you do not need to go for no kills if you want the low chaos ending . you can still kill people and to have a counterweight to your action , you can do good deeds like saving people from rogue guards and stuff like that . that will actually lower the chaos done in that mission . people just tend to stack the low chaos ending with the no kills ending and some others , so that they can get multiple achievements done in one playthrough .
passive mob spawning has changed in version 1.8 . animals now spawn when a new chunk is generated and they do not despawn . however , there seem to be some disagreement as to what happens if you kill all the animals around you . some say that they do not respawn while others claim that they do but do so very slowly . the best thread i have seen about this is this one posted mere hours ago . it seems to confirm what you see , that animals do not respawn at all . update : the same thread now seems to confirm that they do respawn , just very slowly . also , i think everyone agree that animals do not spawn in ocean biomes at all . i have played on a couple of islands far out to sea myself and have never seen animals there . in version 1.9 breeding of animals will be introduced . hopefully that will clear things up .
nothing bad will really happen . the best case is that once you unforbid it , he will just put it in a storage container that he owns . worst case he will go grab it again .
you can do this only in creative mode . if you are in creative mode selecting ( clicking ) a block with the pick block key ( default middle mouse button ) should give you a stack of that block .
well , i figured it out , so i decided to compile a list to help anyone else : i have hidden the locations so that ( if you want ) you can see the list of items without ruining the reward of finding them for yourself . the map " map of the world " received after clearing the rats from the basement of the last house in the village . a time ring " this item gives you a new ability in quests : you can slow down the time . if things are going too fast for you , use your time ring ! " purchased from the candy merchant the third house key " this key allows you to enter the third house in the village " the beginners ' grimoire " this grimoire provides you three spells , quite easy to cast . it is really made for beginners . you will be able to use the acid rain spell ( a large quantity of acid drops will fall on your enemies ) , the fireball spell ( a giant magic ball made of fire will fly towards your enemies ) , and the teleport spell ( which will teleport you to an unpredictable location ) . " purchased from the sorceress . a desert bird feather " this magic feather allows you to jump higher when you use your poto stick ! " found by killing a bird in the " desert " quest . pogo stick " this item allows you to jump in quests ! " found by clicking on the asterisk right next to the cave on the map . a heart plug " this heart plug , made with iron , spider legs , and a special " heart liquor " sealed in the center , will increase your health points by 20 percents ! " found by following the arrows that appear on the doorways of the cave . the advanced grimoire " this advanced grimoire provides you two spells : the erase magic spell and the thorns shield spell . the first one will erase all the magic from a quest at some point including the spells you casted and your enemy 's magic . the second will create around you a shield of floating thorns which will inflict damage upon contact . " purchased from the sorceress . a magical sponge " this magical sponge allows you to squeeze yourself just like a sponge , therefore reducing your size . " found on the sea floor of the " jump into the sea " quest . shell powder " shell powder is often used by farmers to improve the growth speed of their lollipops . this powder will multiply your lollipop farm production by three ! " found on the sea floor of the " jump into the sea " quest . a magical red shark fin " this magical fin will greatly increase the damage of your fireball spell . finally this fireball becomes useful . " found in the " jump into the sea " quest . kill the sea horses , and you will start seeing sharks . eventually one with a red fin will appear . the black magic grimoire " you found this grimoire in a cave , it was very hard to reach , and that was for a reason . it provides you two powerful black magic spells . the first one will create in front of you a giant wall made of obsidian bricks , which can be useful to slow down your enemies . the second one will summon a swarm of demons attacking everyone in the quest , including you . be careful with this one . " found in the hole . a magical green shark fin " this magical fin will bring the power of nature to your lollipop farm ! your production will be multiplied by 5 . " found in the " jump into the sea " quest . appears after the red finned shark . a magical purple shark fin " this magical fin will provide you a new black magic spell . you can only use it once per quest . be very careful with this one ! " found in the " jump into the sea " quest . appears a long time after the green finned shark . a heart pendant " this heart pendant will increase your health points as long as you keep it around your neck . " found in the hole the desert fortress key " this key allows you to enter the very ancient fortress located above the desert . who knows what you could find there ? " found in the hole . a uncorn horn " this magical horn belonged to a unicorn its powerful healing powers will help you a lot . you heard that this unicorn was named charlie . " found in the left room of desert fortress a xinopherydon claw " this claw belonged to a xinopherydon , a two-headed ancient animal everyone believe to be extinct . it will double the damage of the weapon you are using . " found in the left room of the desert fortress . fight the xinopherydon on the upper level . a pitchfork " this special pitchfork allows you to loosen the soil without turning it over , therefore preserving below-ground soil ecosystems . it will triple the production of your lollipop farm . " found in the dark room in the castle . you click the campfire in the middle of the room . a talking candy " this talking candy appeared after you put the four stones at the top of the castle 's tower . he might help you to open the candy box . . . " found after putting the p-l-a-y stones in the top of the tower . the p stone a bunch of gibberish received after completing the lighthouse challenge . the l stone a bunch of gibberish found in a chest at the end of the drop monster and eggs room of the castle . the a stone a bunch of gibberish earned by defeating the devil . the y stone a bunch of gibberish earned by defeating the developer .
it is a goddess wall . it just provides you an opportunity to get some free stuff : hearts , rupies , bombs , arrows or fairies . you have to draw certain shapes on the wall in order to choose what you want in one stroke . to initiate it , you need to find a wall , stand in front of it and charge for a skyward strike . sheikah stones and other characters will give you hints at what you need to draw . there are 5 different things you can draw that the game will recognize , otherwise you will get the default 3 hearts . &nbsp ; you can draw a heart to get hearts . &nbsp ; you can draw a rupee to get rupees . &nbsp ; you can draw a circle to get bombs . &nbsp ; you can draw an arrow to get arrows . &nbsp ; you can draw the triforce to get fairies . just a warning if you have a widescreen tv with widescreen settings enabled on your wii , apparently the game does not compensate for the stretching that is needed to maintain the correct aspect ratio . so when drawing on the goddess walls , i recommend you turn that off temporarily , otherwise you will have a hard time drawing respectable lines .
your level , your equipment , and your skillset all come into play while fighting . it is good to know that frost trolls are weak against fire and it will stop them from regenerating health for a bit . in low levels , they can absolutely devastate you , so make sure you are at least level 10 or so before you want to take one on . think of it like a deathclaw in fallout 3: you can find them at level 1 , but that does not mean you can fight them . dragons scale in level relative to you - frost trolls do not .
usage of qr codes is unlocked at the able sisters clothing shop after becoming friends with sable . if you have played previous entries in the animal crossing series , you might be familiar with this process : you simply chat with sable at least once a day for a number of days , and she gradually becomes more friendly with you . as far as i can recall , this is the first game in the series that rewards you for going through this friendship process . update : i have been speaking with sable every day for 10 days , and now the qr machine has been unlocked today ( which would have made 11 days if i had to continue ) . i spoke to her for 10 consecutive days , so i do not know if this will also work if you skip a day . lyle and nook had a short conversation regarding the able sisters when i visited them yesterday -- i am not sure if the friendship process unlocked that but i think it is probably an easter egg . at any rate , the qr machine looks like a large sewing machine that sits on the back wall near sable . when you attempt you interact with it , you will open dialog with sable . instructions to read qr codes are as follows : select qr code machine . tell sable you would like to use qr code machine . tell sable you would like to ' read a qr code . ' select one of your current designs to be replaced by a new design . line your nintendo 3ds camera up with the desired qr code . confirm that the displayed design is ok . the displayed design will then become one of your 10 patterns .
1 . drop this " ignorelist " file into C:\Program Files\Diablo II . 2 . start or restart to activate . 3 . enter /o igw to ignore non-friend whispers . 1 the final d2 patch ( 1.13d ) introduced an " ignore " filter for blacklisting unwanted phrases . 2 it is on by default , toggled by /ignorepersist . you can blacklist phrases with /filtermsg &lt;phrase&gt; . this creates ( or appends to ) an " ignorelist " file in your d2 directory . ( it is easier to download mine above . ) you will still see user join/quit messages , but it is nothing . as per the other answers , you can still : press n to clear those messages join games restricted to level 2+ characters , as most bots are level 1 create a private game
the hacking delay is personal and it is always 300 seconds long . the message shown though only changes when you have remaining 240 , 120 , 60 , 30 and 10 seconds . so , if you keep trying to hack in the first minute , you will keep getting the "300 seconds remaining " message . all your successful hacks will trigger this 5 minutes delay . on top of that your first hack triggers a 4 hours cooldown . after your 4th consecutive successful hack on that portal it will be " burned down " and will prevent further hacks until the four hours have passed . this cooldown too is personal , to prevent its use as an attack ( burning down all the portals in an area to prevent enemy hacks )
protection is a factor of the percent damage reduction that comes from both armor and the chance to dodge in order to show you which item will actually protect you better . it takes into account armor strength ( since armor is based on strength ) dodge chance dexterity ( since dodge is based on dexterity ) any stats that increases armor or dodge chance from passive skills , such as the monk 's seize the initiative passive which adds the monk 's dexterity value to their armor value . as of patch 1.0.3: resist values will now be taken into effect when calculating the protection comparison stat ( the protection value is an average protection estimate of all your resists ) however , this will not take the monk 's one with everything passive into account properly . i found an item that would reportedly increase my protection due to a difference in resistances , but in reality it decreases both my resistances and armor .
the easiest method is to build a roof with a 2 block space underneath it . he needs a 3 block space to walk , but you only need 2 . you have a longer reach than the enderman , meaning you can hit him while under the roof , but he can not hit you . stand under the roof , look at an enderman , then look away to draw him in , and then hit him with the pointy end .
the kinect is not really optimized for people laying on the floor - the angle and distance that microsoft recommends is really designed for people standing up or ( potentially ) sitting on a couch . i seem to remember reading that the " sitting on the couch " use case to be one they added support for late in the project . even standing up , the kinect does not really have 100% accuracy . my family is usually repeatedly frustrated trying to play games with it , even though we have done everything we can to make the kinect work optimally . for lying on the floor , you are going to have to experiment with the position and angle of the sensor to get the best results . if it is on top of your tv , try moving it lower . if it is low already , try moving it higher . you may need to get slightly further or closer to the sensor as well . run the kinect tuner between adjustments to give the kinect the best chance of finding you . your motion during the exercise may also matter . generally , the more motion and the more your distance from the sensor changes , the better chances you have at being detected . however , some of this depends on the game as well as the kinect . unfortunately , it is hard to say what is going to work best - people reporting similar problems said their solutions ran the gamut .
set the difficulty to peaceful .
this is technically possible , but for some titles it requires software designed to circumvent basic built-in security measures in the ps3 . not that there is a ps3 police knocking on your door , but if you want to be really technical , using another player 's save on the ps3 network is considered a violation of their tos .
yes , that is strafe jumping . if you hold down one of the strafe keys , and at the same time move your mouse in the same direction , you will move through the air in that direction . you should be able to find some " surf " maps to help train your strafe jumping . edit : i forgot that there are also " klimberz " maps to train on . you can search google for " kz maps " . since cs:s uses the same physics engine , you may be able to train your strafe jumping there .
resource packs will only replace the graphics ( and presumably sound effects ) of the resources they are overriding . everything else will , in general , default to their vanilla graphics . i have often used an hd vanilla texture pack in a modded environment . the contrast between what is replaced and what is not is not really that big of a deal unless the texture pack is a drastic change from general minecraft appearance .
that is an interesting glitch there . you can try to zoom in as much as possible and try to hit the left boundary crystal or the left side of the rainbow and that might get it for you . otherwise you are going to have to report the issue to support . i am guessing that they will get rid of the second perch so you will have to make a call on that . i would include this screenshot and your gamecenter id . support email address is support@backflipstudios . com
that is because , well , 7271 is not a valid block name . in fact , it does not refer to anything at all in vanilla minecraft . additionally , even if it does refer to a mod-related id , that would be an item id , not a block id , and worldedit does not always play too nice with mods . if you need a list of block ids , you can check the wiki here .
make sure you are never in his kill radius : always assume that you have that much less hp whenever you go into a fight . if you are an ap character , zhonya 's hourglass will prevent the damage . if you are an ad character , getting hexdrinker will give you a shield before you die and can be very effective against karthus ult . if you have any way to heal yourself ( spell vamp / lifesteal / abilities that heal or heal off dmg ) , try to attack some creeps while the ulti is going off . if you are in range of karthus and you have a stun , use it . if karthus is oom in a teamfight , do not focus him . he will only be able to ulti when he dies . if you want to counter karthus , play soraka and just use your ult right before his goes off to negate the damage . if you do not have a soraka on your team though , consider picking up a red elixir right before a major teamfight . the bonus health it gives cannot be reduced by ignite/healing debuffs and can often save you from karthus ult .
no dlc , sidequests or loyalty missions are counted toward mass effect 3 . this includes two dlc exclusive characters , zaeed and kasumi , who count as never being recruited . tali is exiled from the migrant fleet . shepard does not enter into any romantic relationships . again . grunt is not recruited . legion is not recruited , and no choice is made for the geth . samara is never recruited . she is killed by morinth trying to escape from ilium . suicide mission survivors : mordin , jacob , garrus , tali and miranda . suicide mission survivors ( normandy crew ) : joker and chakwas . all other crew members are considered killed . suicide mission deaths : jack , and thane . the collector base is destroyed . although the dlc is not considered completed by shepard , the events still occured . the batarian system is destroyed , and liara is the shadow broker .
i am not sure what the value is for little big planet 2 but in the first game you had to finish a certain number of single player levels to unlock online play . i think this is basically to make sure everyone playing is at a reasonable standard when they start playing with other players so that games flow better rather than waiting for a player who does not understand how to get past a certain obstacle .
the sticker museum acts as a sort of reference for " things " and " battle " stickers that you come across in the game . the description of " things " tells what area the sticker was found in . the description of " battle " stickers offers a power rating and details what sort of enemies it damages . the description for all sticker displays offers some sort of flavor text . for completing the sticker museum , you are rewarded in two parts : all things stickers will unlock a " sound test " room in the museum where you can listen to the game 's tracks . it is set up like a playlist , which you just parse through until you find what you want to listen to . all battle stickers will unlock a room where you can view enemies for 1 coin . when everything is said and done , you have a short conversation with the curator toad and he will respond to you differently in the future . speaking to your particular concern : the museum seems to be there largely for re-playability and completionists , so there is not any rush to get your more valuable battle stickers there . if i find rare stickers in a level , i usually go and stick them there when i am done and then return to that level to retrieve another copy of that sticker . since they respawn in most circumstances , there is not any major risk in doing that .
i am just throwing out some thoughts here . i think when he is being counterjungled , malzahar really needs help from his team being able to come back after when it happens . most junglers have some sort of synergy with the hits they do , and the lizard blessing can slow malzahar significally when he is being counterjungled . so make sure critical points in your jungle are warded . that being said , malzahar has quite some damage and a silence . with that you have a reasonable chance to escape a gank . using that same silence , counterjungling urself can be very viable . not only has it a large range and does it silence the enemy , but it also grants you vision in the fog . thinking of the spectral wraith , having spellvamp really improves your capacity with malzahar . the damage-over-time gives you a small healing regeneration , and when you use your ult you get a major health buff . not to mention you freeze and damage your opponent . so in short , malzahar is a pretty good duelist , even better with the correct items ( rylai 's for slow , spellvamp ) . guarding yourself with wards in combination with your skillset makes it able to guard yourself from counterjungling , while the same goes for malzahar counterjungling the enemy . but , as it goes with all champions , it really depends on your opponent choice of champion . edit : spirit of the spectral wraith now gains a new unique passive : reduces the cooldown on smite by 20% . that makes the choice to get this item even easier !
the amount of production of a great engineer on normal speed is calculated using the formula 300 + 30 * city population  so in a city with a population of 1 the engineer only results in 330 production , in a size 15 it results in 750 production . for quick speed the formula is : 200 + 20 * city population  for epic speed it is : 450 + 45 * city population  and for marathon it is : 900 + 90 * city population  the amount of hammers does not seem to be influenced by era , map size or difficulty level . conclusion : if you want to hurry late game wonders , build it in a city with a large population .
in general , itscolby nailed the basics of how it works . damage reduction is multiplied rather than added . so 70% armor and 30% physical resist does not mean you are a god who blocks all damage . . . you are actually blocking 79% of the damage . but read on for a closer look . armor is good against all damage types i just want to mention that before i even get started , because a lot of people do not seem to realize it . armor dr blocks all damage . fire damage , physical damage , arcane damage , etc . it is good against all of them . for any given attack , you will always be getting your armor dr as well as one of your resistance drs . you will possibly get other special bonuses , such as the special dr against missile attacks in your example of 2% missile reduction , but you will always have at least armor and resistance . resistance is good against a single damage type if a monster is hitting you with a sword , you are probably looking at physical resistance . if you are standing on some fire a molten elite just left behind , you are probably looking at fire resistance . while it is possible multiple resistances might come into play for an attack ( such a diablo 's lightning-fire breath ) , the conventional wisdom is that such attacks have their damage broken into components ( though i have not seen any blizzard confirmation of that ) , and drs are factored in separately for those . you can pretty much just think of it as two separate attacks hitting you at once . what about dodge ? dodge does not really interact with damage reduction directly . dodge is whether or not you flat out avoid all damage from an attack . if you dodge successfully , damage reduction does not occur because you avoided the attack and took no damage . if you fail to dodge , you get hit with the full attack and damage reduction is applied normally . there is no " partial " dodging . how do i figure out how much damage i am resisting ? the general equation to figure out your damage reduction is : total damage reduction % = ( 1 - armor dr ) * ( 1 - specific resist dr ) * ( 1 - special dr ) * ( etc ) damage received = ( damage taken ) * ( damage reduction % ) what about shields ? as you can see , shields have an armor value , a chance to block , and a block amount . the armor is added in just like any other piece of gear , which means the armor value of the shield is working for you whether you block something with it or not . the chance to block is the % chance that you will get to reduce the incoming damage or a melee or ranged attack by the block amount . the block amount is the amount of damage that will be subtracted from the attack after other dr is applied . so the formula for damage received when a block is successful becomes : damage received = ( damage taken * damage reduction % ) - amount blocked what about damage absorption from skills like diamond skin ? you can think of this pretty much like you might think of a shield that has a 100% block rate . the damage absorption from skills such as diamond skin have their absorption applied after standard damage reduction from things such as armor , resistances and block amount . how do classes differ ? the two original melee classes , the barbarian and monk , seem to have a hidden dr bonus of 30% . this multiplies into the damage reduction just like any other special dr modifier , such as 2% missile damage reduction would . the new class , crusader , has a 15% damage reduction bonus . a specific example : so in your example above , thog the dual-wielding barbarian has been neglecting his resistances but is wearing some very shiny armor . he is got 10% fire resistance and 70% dr from armor . he is also got some boots of 2% missile damage reduction . he gets shot with a fire arrow that does 100 damage . and do not forget he is got that 30% for being a barbarian ! damage reduction = ( 1 - . 70 ) * ( 1 - . 10 ) * ( 1 - . 30 ) * ( 1 - . 02 ) = . 18522 damage taken = 100 * . 18522 = 18.522 zoltan the wizard does not have much in the way of armor , and is only at 40% , but his intelligence gives him decent fire resistance of 60% . sadly , he does not have those nice boots that thog has , but he is using a shield which has a 20% block chance and blocks an average of , say , 25 damage . as a wizard , he does not have thog 's innate damage reduction of 30% . damage reduction = ( 1 - . 4 ) * ( 1 - . 6 ) = . 24 damage taken ( when his shield fails to block ) = 100 * . 24 = 24 damage taken ( when his shield blocks ) = ( 100 * . 24 ) - 25 = 0 zoltan actually does okay ! thog had great armor , but his low resistance really brought him down . without that innate 30% for being a barbarian , he actually would have fared worse than zoltan , taking 26.46 damage on a hit . and if you factor in the fact that 20% of the time zoltan will block the entire attack , in the long run it is as if he is taking about 19.2 damage per hit . not bad for a dude in dress ! so do i want more armor , or more resistance ? this blizzard forum post has a good discussion on how armor and resistance linearly scale up your effective health , so your first 100 points of armor is just as good as your next 100 points of armor in terms of your overall effective health , when looking at just the armor stat . so while armor and resistances have diminishing returns in terms of the % of damage that they reduce , they do not have diminishing returns in terms of your effective health . that said , as your armor and resistance levels change , their value relative to each other will shift . you can look at this matrix to see what 1 point of resistance is worth in terms of armor to you at your current gearing levels . so let 's say you have got 7000 armor and 200 resistance . you can see that 1 point of resistance is worth about 20 armor . if you are looking at some gear which would increase all of your resistances by 5 but lower your armor by 70 , it is a good trade . if it would raise your resistances by 5 but lower your armor by 130 , it is a bad trade . credit where it is due : rhaloz 's post " the art of war : barbarian " tbd 's post " diminishing returns on armor = myth ( graphs ) "
in my opinion , the best place to farm gems quickly is act 1 inferno . in act 1 inferno , flawless squared gems are dropped , and those are the highest gems that can be dropped . if you had go to act 4 inferno , the same quality of gems would drop , but the pace at which you could kill enemies would very likely be much slower . stay in act 1 because monsters are relatively easy there . obviously , keep your eyes open for resplendent chests and treasure goblins , but that goes without saying .
judging by the information provided on one area on bulbapedia , the item found does not vary between areas , however the pokemon does ( excadrill is only in later areas ) . there is no information so far on item frequency .
i think they only work in the overworld because : i have tried and also failed . since they only spawn naturally in the overworld , they only work in the overworld . note on b : i do not count the exit portal in the end as an actual end portal .
send the courier to yourself ( select it and right click somewhere near your hero ) . drag the bottle from your inventory onto the courier . send the courier back to base . deliver the bottle back to your hero . and do not forget that a bottle can be refilled by picking up a rune .
the dragonborn is ambidexterous , but refuses to wield a shield in their right hand . magic and weapons can be used in any combination of right / left , left / right , etc . the dual-wield " penalty " as it were , is that you cannot block when dual-wielding . ( even though you could normally block with a single weapon if your offhand is free . )
this forum post explains vsync in as much detail as you could ever want . http://hardforum.com/showthread.php?t=928593 the gist of it is that vsync stops screen tearing . screen tearing occurs because the frame buffer is half filled with the next frame when it is written to the screen . vsync introduces a back buffer inbetween the video card and the frame buffer which stores the next frame and then waits for the screen to refresh before copying itself to the frame buffer . the refresh signal is known as a vsync pulse ( from analog ) . this stops the tearing from happening but can lead to a significant reduction in video performance in certain situations . these situations arise when framerate drops below refresh rate . in these situations your performance can drop by up to 50% in the worst case . triple buffered vsync improves upon double buffered by adding another buffer and results in a much smaller performance penalty . in fact you will see frames as soon as the card can draw them ( still timed with refreshes ) because the card never has to sit idle , it always has a buffer it can write to . the only penalty is a small loss of vram to hold the buffers and the extra time taken to copy them out to the frame buffer . this is negligible . only worry about vsync if you are getting screen tearing . do not worry about enabling it on a triple buffered system . if it is only double buffered then it is a personal choice , a tradeoff between refresh rate and tearing . for the more interested : technically vsync does not require a second buffer . in situations where rendering the screen takes only a fraction of the time between refreshes vsync pulses can be used to time the writing of new information to the screenbuffer . if render time &lt ; refresh interval . when you play a game the time taken to render is much greater . writing the buffer on the vsync pulse would result in tearing whenever render time > refresh interval . the second buffer prevents this screen tearing from taking place but means that you can be looking at the same frame over several refreshes . it also means that once the back buffer is full there is no place for the card to write the next render until the vsync happens . this means that in practice vsync in a video game always introduces extra buffers . adding the third buffer gives the card a place to write the next render once the back buffer is full and awaiting the refresh . this knowledge comes from programming display drivers for embedded systems .
the problem appears to have been caused by the orders and positioned i had placed the buildings in , in comparison to the coal mine . this appears to be down to the route that the agents carrying the materials in choose to travel when leaving the coal mine . in the original route , the coal power plant was at the end of the blue route on a backstreet , while it is now located on the yellow route , before the trading port ; when the agents carrying coal leave the coal mine , they always seem to take the easiest route , which in this instance results in them not crossing over the road , thus they always turn right towards the smelting plant . each stop along the way has a specific level amount of coal they can store ; the smelting plant has storage for 10 tons of coal the trade port has storage for 100 tons of coal the coal mine has storage for 20 tons of coal before the agents will start delivering elsewhere , each of these storages need to fill up to maximum , which means the coal power plant was not getting coal in the original instance because the output of the coal mine was not sufficient enough to fill up the storage capacities of all of the buildings before it .
i can not remember any method of healing quickly , but i do remember healing slowly with time . which could be sped up a bit by walking around and searching . from the faq : 2.6: is there a command that allows you to rest safely in order to regain hit points and power points ? yes , actually you can use the walk-mode to do this . simply press ' w ' to activate the walk-mode followed by '5' for the direction which makes your character ' walk on the spot ' and is great for safely recovering . you will automatically stop waiting if something comes near , if you get shot at , etc .
destroy it . unless it is a terran bunker ( which you can salvage ) your only recourse is to destroy the building . edit : and by ' destroy ' i mean to forcefully attack it with your own offensive units or workers .
there are 4 ways that i remember off the top of my head , but i have not played for a while , so i will not be much more help . a hero with high pathfinding skill smaller party extra horses more mounted troops
hold down the shift key while issuing orders to the unit
if i have counted correctly , this is a walkthrough of room 4 ( and beyond ) : it appears to be a couple of those "speedy thing goes in, speedy thing comes out" puzzles . this means you will need to use your falling momentum to shoot you out of a wall , over a jump . also notice that , in this video , the player crouches as they are flying through the air , presumably to make chell more compact and therefore more likely to make the jumps .
the answers you are looking for can be found on the minecraft wiki entries for scoreboard and commands . setting up teams to assign a player to a team you have to set up the teams first , using /scoreboard teams add &lt;team&gt; [display name] /scoreboard teams option &lt;team&gt; color &lt;value&gt;  &lt;team&gt; is the name of the team , e.g. red or blue . [display name] is an optional longer name , used in the scoreboard display , e.g. Team Ocelot or Team Jacob . the second command sets the team color , use [ tab ] after color to see your options , e.g. red , blue . the command to assign someone to a team is /scoreboard teams join &lt;team&gt; [players]  i suggest using simple pressure plates at the cave entrances , with the command blocks right below . you can then use @p fpr [players] to select the nearest player , who is normally the one that triggered the plate . alternatively , you can use @a[r=X] to assign everyone in an X block radius sphere around the command block at once , or specify a block range with the selectors x , y , z , dx , dy and dz . teleport by team to teleport every player on a specific team , you can use the @a selector with the team specifier , i.e. /tp @a[team=&lt;team&gt;] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; 
oh yes , the recruits can be killed permanently ! ! ! try sending a recruit on a mission and fail it ! he / she ain't coming back ! ; - ) since you have to place a certain assassin as the " den master " for him / her to even advance beyond a certain point , that very assassin is the one affected . you do not lose your assassin if you lose a den defense , however . if you lose , you get ported right in front of the lost territory . acquisition of that territory as per usual ( killing the captain , lighting the signal fire ) . if you do , templar awareness jumps to the max though . the assassin is available again as soon as you recapture the den . just keep in mind , there is absolutely no reason to even let it come to that point . ever . you always have the option to lower your notoriety . even if you are notorious , you still have some time and notoriety level before one of your dens gets attacked . and lowering your notoriety is so easy ( posters , town criers and special targets ) , that there is really no need for this to occur . :- )
if you save them both , the brother , berthold , will reward you by giving you the code to the safe in the squad barracks .
all of these questions can be answered in the wiki , but here goes : the order in which you hit the towers changes each game . to determine the order of which tower to hit with the galvaknuckles ( from the wiki ) : there are mahjong tiles of different colors and sizes located throughout the map . these tiles essentially hint in which order the player should melee the radio tower with the galvaknuckles ( see step 8 ) . there are eight tiles , four with chinese symbols and four with a different amount of dots . the chinese symbols reflect " east " , " south " , " north " and " west " , and the dots tell the order each side is hit . each compass point and dot tile is colored , and same colored are correlated . for example , if the player finds a green ' north ' and green three dots , the north side of the tower is hit third . this order changes every match . if you make a mistake the radio tower will stop glowing and will not light back up until the start of the next round . the compass points of the tower do not change . for reference , the north side of the tower always has a mahjong tile on the corner of the railings . step 8 is to melee the tower in the determined order . also , it does not have to be samuel who hits with the galvaknuckles , it can be anybody .
in minecraft 1.0 the new enchanting system was added . once you have some diamond and obsidian ( plus a book ) , you can craft an enchantment table , which will allow you to put enchantments on your weapons , armor , and tools in exchange for experience .
leveling up is currently used for 2 things : score , and enchanting . score 1 orb == 1 point . this score is displayed upon death ( and possibly game completion . i have not gotten that far :p ) . enchanting as you collect orbs , your experience bar fills . everytime it gets completely full , it empties and you level up . in this screenshot , the player is level 1 . once you have an enchantment table , you can spend your experience on enchantments . these give one of your tools a special ability , such as a chance to not take any wear each time you use it , and additional harvesting speed . enchantments cost 1 to 3 levels depending on the type of enchantment , but you must be a certain level to access each one . the highest tier appears to require you to be at or above level 30 to use , while still only costing 3 levels per enchantment . one thing to note is that as of release 1.8 enchantments also cost 1-3 pieces of lapis lazuli depending on the enchantment . before release version 1.8 every enchantment has a cost paid in levels . i.e. level 2 enchantments cost 2 levels of experience . in my screenshot above , the player can only buy level 1 enchantments , because he is only level 1 . by default , you can get up to level 5 enchantments with an enchantment table . placing bookshelves around your table will unlock higher level enchantments . your experience is reset when you die , although you do drop some experience orbs , which can be recovered like anything else you drop , assuming you find your death spot . the amount dropped is 7 times your level , up to 100 , or enough to reach level 5 .
apparently , the steam community feature conflicts with microsoft 's games for windows live in-game overlay . i disabled it and it worked .
unfortunately the ais in civ 5 are always looking out for themselves and are unlikely to make any effort to not disrupt you . if it benefits them they are going to do it . the only things you can really trust they wont do is go to war with you if you have a declaration of friendship ( unless of course you attack first ) . you can not even count on them to vote for you in the world council unless you buy their votes . i do not have any evidence of this , but i think some of it also has to do with the ais personality . agressive ais are probably more likely to break promises , while diplomatic ais are more likely to follow through with a promise for its duration ( 30 turns ) . after that you are fair game again though . i am fairly certian i have even caught spys in my citys from civs i was allied with . . .
per the steam article on the subject extra copies are not given in most cases . only titles purchased in special promotions as outlined below are eligible for giftable extra copies there has also been some discussion in gaming chat about the ethics of giving away extra humble bundle keys , as the site says the keys are for your sole use . the original discussion was here . ullallulloo emailed humble bundle support and asked for us . he posted the reply in chat here . here 's what it said : " our steam keys do not generate giftable copies on steam . please consider your bundle a " unit " and not to share copies of the games or steam keys from it . if you had like to give a copy of the games away , we have a system in place that allows you to buy a gift key from www.humblebundle.com so your friends can have access to direct downloads as well as any steam or other keys we have included . please let me know if there is anything else i can help you with . thank you for your support " for non-humble bundle trading , i would suggest the meta post related to game trading .
they are just easter eggs , and the most they can get you is an in-game radio call : http://www.ign.com/wikis/metal-gear-rising-revengeance/pin_up_posters
according to the minecraft wiki , aggressive mobs will not wake you if you surround your bed with torches . here is what it says about the mob behavior : to ensure that you are not awakened unnecessarily during the night , the bed must not be placed along a 1 block thick wall , unless the area on the other side of the wall is also safe . if a hostile mob can get within 2 blocks of the bed , even if the blocks are separated by a wall , you will be awakened with the hostile mob standing next to you . there appears to be a slight delay before the mob attacks you , giving you time to get the first blow . edit : as of minecraft 1.0 , mobs will not awaken you suddenly if your bed is placed in an unideal location . instead , the game will not let you sleep and will state that there are mobs nearby .
some tips : mine in the southwest quadrant ( positive x and z ) , twice as much ore there ( explanation ) fixed as of beta 1.6 become familiar with depths , see this guide . iron lives under the sea level . do not branch mine : do not listen to that guide , or this answer . since you are looking for iron , i suggest trying caves . the " mathematical analysis " is seriously flawed , because you are not looking to get every single ore in the block . instead , you want to get as much ore as possible per second . this means that you need to see as many " fresh blocks " as possible per second . let 's look at one statement made in the analysis : not bad . with every 2 blocks destroyed ( or 8 seen ) , we get 3.7% iron . halve that to get the value of one block , which is 1.83% iron per block . that means for every 54 blocks of stone we mine , we will get 1 iron ore . except , whenever you add a turn to your mineshaft , your digging causes you to see the other faces of the same two blocks you just saw . so do not add turns - which is exactly what a branch mine does every 4 blocks . furthermore , when you do find ore in your branch mine , you will dig towards your other shaft , and this will let you see some blocks that . . . you already saw when you dug that other branch . if you are going to shaft mine , make it one long shaft at level 14 . so what about caves ? how many " fresh blocks " do you see per second in a cave ? well . . . a lot . to get an estimate , i started a fresh game on normal , punched a couple trees , a couple stone picks , bunch of sticks , a sword . found a decent cave system . coal pretty quick , sticks became a bunch of torches , i hear groaning . strategy ? run like a boss , place torches , look at ceilings , floors , nooks . do not stand still . found iron ? great : spot check for monsters , then mine it . it does spawn diagonally . check anyway . hit dead end ? go back , seal the cave shaft up with a horizontal line of cobble , so you do not go in again . i got 54 iron in 10 minutes of caving . and a lapis block . the guide says ( i would not trust the math ) that i will get that much in 21 minutes using branch mines . caves are better . also , cave mining is much more fun . tl ; dr : go a ways sw of spawn , find a cave system , go deeper than sea level . run through it placing torches .
anecdotally , from the explosion patterns on another question , i never saw a block that was further from the center being destroyed while another , closer block was not . all my target blocks ( redstone ) had 0 resistance , so anything touching them should have popped them ( though they do have a sort of resistance when they get destroyed ) . the mechanics as described on the explosion page over on the minecraft wiki state that they are modeled as rays originating from the explosion center travelling out until they are fully attenuated . if they all meet an impenetrable wall ( obsidian ) , they can all be absorbed and nothing gets through .
you cannot sell artifacts at all . they can be atomsmashed , stolen , dropped into the center of the earth or otherwise removed from the map/existence , however . the loss of an artifact will lead to unhappy thoughts , but i believe the same dwarf having made many masterworks will lessen the impact ( iirc unhappy thought strength on loss of artifact/masterwork is 1000/total number of artifacts/masterworks by that dwarf ) . if you put an artifact in a heavy container ( lead/gold/platinum bins are good for this ) , they will remain in the same place after the fortress is abandoned , which means your adventurers can sell them for a good bit of pocket change .
unable to test this right now , but what might work with world edit is to replace the water with something else and then to make it water again ( //replace water diamondblock followed by //replace diamondblock water ) . if i remember correctly that caused a block update . if that does not work try replacing the air surrounding the water in the same manner ( //replace 0 diamondblock , //replace diamondblock 0 ) . of course , if it is supposed to be a pool there is the handy dandy /fixwater .
when in doubt , find a cave . if you do not see anything on the surface , dig deeper . really , that is all there is to it . in general , you will not find diamond much past 10 levels or so above bedrock . the graph below ( taken from tr 's interactive mc block distribution chart ) shows the density of diamond in one generated world . 0 on the x axis represents bedrock . 255 is the top of the sky .
it is not different , but in both cases there is a problem . there will be logs for connection and disconnection which are generated by users ( including you ) , and doing a delete in log will cause the log entries for your current connection to be deleted ( i.e. . the connection entry and the authentication entry ) , however , when you disconnect , another log entry documents your disconnection . if an administrator just sees a disconnection log , they can trace that connection ( almost ? ) as easily as if you had not deleted the connection and authentication entries . it is important that there are matching entries for connections and disconnections , therefore , you should not delete all the logs in the folder , just make sure that there will only be sets of log entries available ( i.e. . connection and disconnection — i tend to remove even the current authentication log entry ) . i am not certain if the game knows whether two log entries actually belong to the same connection , or if it ' assumes ' that you were connected the whole time .
firstly for an initial point of no return - as soon as you get access to the sirta vendor in the hospital ward buy a/the present/s , completing missions removes them quickly before you know their value . secondly before beginning priority : tuchanka you should finish off as many sidequests as you can , since completing it renders some sidequests as failed . do not panic about having some remaining in your journal however , a few do not have their locations unlocked for retrieving quest items until later . thirdly priority : cerberus headquarters is the point of no return for the rest of the sidequests . you can still use the onboard vendors on the normandy to purchase goods , but because of the price markup on the ship it is better to visit them directly for whatever you need before commencing this mission as well .
your options : one control group per unit type , then move them independently . one control group for everything , but tab between the unit types and move them independently . one control group for the front group ( which you move manually ) and setting everything else on follow . a combination:one control group per unit type and set some groups to follow others . i prefer and recommend setting a group per unit type , but setting some of those groups to follow other groups as appropriate . in your question , you describe a group for the melee units and simply having the ranged ones follow . this might be an easy way to keep formation , but when it is time to fight you will spend critical moments trying to get that ranged group to attack . if you give each unit type its own group , you can gain instant control over any group when it comes time to fight . in the meantime , you can easily set ranged and flyers to follow the melee group so you keep a rough formation . you could also use the tab method instead of multiple groups . in my experience , however , this fails when you have more than 2 unit types . in the heat of battle , having to tab or shift+tab to whatever group you want is wasted keystrokes and can cost you a few units in the time it takes to swap .
the auction house button is in the bottom right side of the screen , left of the profile button .
yes , just as in the 64 version , the shell will travel a short distance as if it was a green shell and then take off towards it is locked target . this is also the reason why you have to be careful to shoot it in the direction of your target ( i.e. . not perpendicular ) or else it has a higher chance to hit the wall in front of you before it veers off toward the guy it is meant for .
this was a bit of a misunderstanding . the ' skin ' you receive from the potato sack is the flag for the game you played the most . for example , i got a bit . trip . beat flag . this is weird , seeing as portal 2 supports actual skins , but this is what valve said .
the wiki page for ignite states : reduces healing and regeneration effects on the target by 50% for the duration . so yes , any masteries that heal including this are affected by ignite . any items or champion abilities that apply grievous wounds will add the same heal reduction effect as well to their target .
the first time a panel with pink pieces is unlocked , you will receive a free random piece , which can be a pink piece or a regular piece . apart from that , meeting other players with those pieces , or being a special employee at nintendo , there is no other way to unlock them that comes to mind .
challenge rooms can only be entered if the player has full health counting regular hearts and soul hearts , or if they can bypass it with the nail item or with the lord of the pit item . since it looks like you do not have either of those items ( you need to complete the game several times to get the nail and the lord of the pit changes your appearance ) , you probably do not have full health . once you collect enough hearts or use the yum heart item enough to return to full health , the room should open .
the " pguid " key in the query string can be set to the guid for a particular portal in order to highlight it . here is an example pointing to the mosaic sundial in boulder : http://www.ingress.com/intel?late6=40001583lnge6=-105244818z=14pguid=fed178cb41794581874daeb2fae05f17.11 but note that this seems to be a feature that only works ( so far ? : ) for the iitc client you can get this sort of link to a portal from iitc by clicking on the portal , and then clicking on the " portal link " link in the bottom left of the portal area :
mining branch mining is the most efficient . someone did a mathematical analysis on it in the official forums ( now mirrored on the voxelwiki ) . here 's a brief description of branch mining : you dig down to the bedrock , because that is where you are going to find the most different kinds of stuff . one or two layers above the bedrock , so you do not have it interfering with your work , you dig a long tunnel , 2 high and 1 wide , which will serve as the trunk . then , every 4 squares on either side of the trunk , you dig perpendicular tunnels extending out 20 blocks ( or as far as you want ) . you leave 3 undug blocks between because veins are generally 2x2 horizontally , so you will see ore in the vein even though there is technically one row of unexplored blocks . when you finish that layer , you can start one a layer above , offsetting the branches by one block so that you are more likely to find veins you could possibly have missed the first time . so essentially , a long hallway ( the trunk ) with perpendicular hallways ( the branches ) coming off either side . from a head on view travel as with any mine , travel is most easily accomplished using minecarts . you can place a booster to get your cart traveling at max speed in a short distance so that you can make the trip up quickly , and you can even attach chests to mine carts to carry all your findings from the mine up the track very quickly . short of minecarts , make sure you are using stairs and ladders to their fullest potential . you do not want to be jumping up one block at a time all the way from your mine to your base .
if you are willing to carry a door on you , the quickest shelter you can throw up is to just dig a 1x2 hole into the side of any hill and throw down a door to seal it off . if you do not have a door i suggest the following :  \u2593\u2593\u2593 \u2593\u2593\u2593 \u2593\u2592\u2593 top down view \u2593\u2592\u2593 \u2593\u2592\u2593\u2593 \u2593 2 rocks \u2593\u2592\u2022\u2593 \u2592 1 rock \u2593\u2593\u2593\u2593 \u2022 you  the key thing here is that by being off to the side you are not in range of arrows , but you still maintain a path to light so you can see the sun up ( you can also listen for music , but i often disable sound ) . you close off the entrance with single rocks so you leave a 1x1 path which zombies can not come down .
the game has a built-in max to prevent infinitely high bonuses to equipment . here 's a great post on maxing damage in skyrim : http://forums.bethsoft.com/topic/1266212-2469-armor-3199-damage-using-smithing-alchemy-enchanting-only-31-perks/
you can usually see a small bit of each left/right path as you approach a t-junction unless something like a large tree trunk is blocking your vision . generally i use this information to avoid gaps in the running track because i find swiping to turn and then immediately swiping to jump especially difficult during the faster parts of the game . however , if you have got faster fingers than i you may benefit from knowing the exact location of that first jump after a turn . there is nothing special about which direction you turn , and you can make 3 turns in the same direction and not see a repeated section ( however that works physically . . . i am not sure ) . there is no benefit from always turning in one direction , you should just use the visuals you see approaching a junction to make the best decision .
if your friend is running lion or later , 10.7+ , the library folder is hidden . open " terminal " ( located at /applications/utilities ) and execute this command ( shows all hidden folders and files ) : defaults write com.apple.Finder AppleShowAllFiles TRUE then in " terminal " use this command to close your find process : killall Finder restart finder and all hidden folders should now be visible . now , in finder , click on your user folder , then library , then application support . your minecraft folder is listed here . to hide hidden files/folders in finder execute this command in terminal ( then restart finder ) : defaults write com.apple.Finder AppleShowAllFiles FALSE alternatively , you can execute this command from terminal to open your " application support " folder in a finder window : open ~/Library/Application\ Support/
functionally , they are completely the same - they offer the same lost and found bin , and copper and booker will appear at both . the difference is purely aesthetical - so pick whichever one you feel goes best with the look you are trying to create for your town !
when you change your skin , it affects both single player and multi-player . if you do not see your skin in single player , make sure you are online so it can download the skin .
armour is applied to physical damage before it reaches your life or energy shield . here is a quote from one of the game developers , mark_ggg : also fyi , armour does not reduce a certain percentage of all attacks . the amount it reduces is dependent upon the damage dealt . in order to get a 50% reduction of a 150 damaging attack you would need 1,800 armour rating . 1,800 armour rating would reduce a 300 damage attack by 33% and a 600 damage attack by 20% .
when the server finishes the round , you will receive a battle report and the points you accumulated . now , if the server crashes , i believe the points and progress are lost .
sounds like a bug to me . in fact , it sounds quite similar to what is described here ( scroll down a bit to the " ai update " section ) : age of kings : downloads the age of empires ii ai update - this update addresses the issue where the computer player resigns after a few minutes of play . that page has patch 2.0a , which applies to age of kings . you can also find that patch here : age of empires ii update v2.0a if you have the conquerors expansion , you will want to go with patch 1.0c instead : age of empires ii : the conquerors update
does crafting higher-level equipment ( dwemer vs iron , for example ) carry a significantly higher experience reward than lower-level equipment ? no . making daedric armor grants you the same experience as making an iron dagger . the quickest way to level is to travel to a town , buy out their iron and leather . use those to make as many iron daggers and leather bracers as possible , and move on . doing the same with gold -- the physical stuff -- is profitable and easy to do with transmute . enchanting the results is very profitable . the biggest roadblock on your way to smithing godhood is that dozens of daggers and gloves become heavy quickly . after doing that a few dozen times , you are now the greatest smith and enchanter in the land , rich as sin , and can make magical armor out of dragons . ( my apologies , but it is true , you know . ) does crafting higher-cost ( more bars , leather ) equipment have a significantly higher experience reward , or at least has an experience reward equal to crafting an equivalent number of lower-cost equipment , such as daggers ? no , same as above . does smelting bars of higher-level metals such as ebony carry a significantly higher experience reward to lower-level metals , such as iron ? no . in fact , smelting does not even grant experience ( neither does tanning leather ) . one thing that does make a difference is that making new items grants more experience than improving old ones . ( also , fwiw , the exploit in oblivion was to hotkey up a bunch of bows and arrows , then fire one arrow apiece and repair ad nauseam . imo , skyrim got the smithing part totally right as weapon endurance was annoying , but there should absolutely be incentives to produce better equipment . )
the w-mode plugin for launchers like chaoslauncher will make starcraft run in a window . works perfectly , even under 64-bit windows 7 . with this plugin , you can lock the mouse cursor inside the game window to avoid accidentally moving the mouse outside when trying to scroll , you can lock the window to prevent it from being moved , and you can have it double the window size to make the game take up more of the screen ( which may be helpful , since starcraft runs at a pretty low resolution and it may be hard to see things otherwise ) .
no . there are no formations in starcraft 2 . if you want to keep your squad together , make a series of smaller move commands instead of a small amount of large moves . if you want to " set and forget " an army move command , then you will have to accept the consequences that they will split up . keep an eye on the map for hostile units that try to intercept your army . units that have special needs ( like zerglings , casters , etc ) should be in their own control group and given special move commands . for example while battling the enemy , zerglings do better when told to run past the enemy and then attack so they can get a better surround - while ranged units like roaches are fine when being told to attack + move into an enemy army . other situations like the " protoss death ball " require the army to behave in a certain manner - such as keeping colossi in the middle of the army . this eliminates the need for any kind of " move together " command that other games have , as it is a bad habit to form anyways .
heavy armor does not hurt your spell-casting in any way , so feel free to load up . since you say you are only spending levelup stat boosts on magicka , that means your stamina will be low , which means a lower carry weight . heavy armor will , obviously , be rather heavy . that is the only real downside i can think of . since you have maxed enchanting , losing the mage-centric buffs on robes is not too big of a deal , since you can replicate them on your armor . further on that point , you really really should not ignore stamina or , more importantly , health . you will die a million times later in the game when a stray arrow from a bandit can one-shot you with such painfully low health .
it should be 20% . other runes , like several sided strike ( 9 hits on seven-sided strike ) , which are worded similarly do not mean original + rune ( it is 9 hits , not 16 ) , and jinx should be no exception . it modifies the last sentence from " hexed targets . . . take 10% additional damage " to " hexed targets . . . take 20% additional damage " . if it was 30% , the tooltip would most likely read , " hexed targets take an additional 20% damage " .
you get it from the caretaker of pokemon tower after you finish that area of the game . use the silph scope on the ghost at the top of the tower , fight your way out , and then follow the caretaker to his home to receive the flute .
fioras ultimate gives you basically the same " invurnerability " as a vladimir w or a fizz e . while you are completely untargetable and immune to aoe you will still take damage from dot abilites . also something like fiddle drain will not be interrupted if it was applied before you used your ultimate . the only champion that has a total invurnerability is shaco because his ultimate makes him disappear from the game for a short amount of time . you can read about all the different types of invurnerability here ( the one of fiora counts as a " dash" )
from what i understand , priority goes to closest eligible target within range ( until dead or out of range ) . this is why many attack first with giants to draw in enemy fire , and then use ranged units like archers or warriors to take out defenses .
rating is the quality of the item ( explained here under item rating ) equippable items have a rating indicating their general level of quality . this number gives you a rough idea of how powerful the viewed item is compared to other items you’re wearing . to raise the rating , look for certain modification items that can increase these ratings , and attach them to your equipment .
the void starts under layer 0 which is typically the bedrock layer ( in superflat worlds and with mods or map editors you can remove the bedrock layer ) . you cannot build under layer 0 because each chunk only goes from layer 0 to 255 . you might be able to survive there as a player , but you will not be able to place any type of blocks . if you want to have the effect of building in the void you can use a map editor like mcedit to move some of the bedrock up somewhere ( do not forget to remove a block of bedrock or two so you can get in there ! ) .
the combine overwiki has full articles on aperture science and black mesa . these articles cover all that is canonically known about these organizations . a quick summary : aperture science location : upper michigan purpose : originally created as a shower curtain manufacturer by a successful shower curtain salesman , the company eventually evolved " into an experimental physics research institution and a bitter rival of black mesa " after the owner became deathly ill and brain-damaged . black mesa location : a city called " black mesa " in new mexico purpose : helmed by the u.s. government , black mesa conducts research in various theoretical and applied science fields .
this is the result of a current bug in the way diablo iii handles attack speed enchants , as of version 1.0.1.9558 . essentially , there are two different enchants that increase attack speed , which work slightly differently . the first kind , which displays on tooltips as increases attack speed by x , is supposed to only show up on weapons . when this affix is on a weapon , it increases the attack speed of that weapon , but it does not increase the speed of your other weapon if dual wielding . most importantly , if this verbiage is found an item other than a weapon , it does nothing at all . the second kind displays it is tooltip as attack speed increased by x . this affix applies it is modifier globally , and will always work , no matter what item it is on . if this affix is found on a weapon , it will even apply to your other weapon while dual wielding . this is slated to be fixed in patch 1.0.3 .
courtesy of xenox 's answer .
in most cities , there is a number of merchants who will buy various different wares from you which are comparable in kind to the ones they sell . and most cities and towns have at least one " general goods " merchant who will pretty much buy anything . in whiterun , you will want to visit belethor 's general goods . for stolen merchandise , you will need to find a fence . the earliest one you will probably have access to is tonilia , in the ragged flagon under riften . the main limitation you will run into here is that most merchants only keep 500-750 gp on hand , and fences start at around 1k . so , if you empty their bank by selling too much to them , you will need to wait a couple days before they have the funds to buy more from you . there is a few perks and other workarounds that can be used to deal with this . also , be aware that most stores are only open from 0800-2000 . if you are trying to sell your wares at night or early morning , you will probably have to wait . i strongly recommend you search this site for other skyrim questions on this topic , as i am sure there is at least one or two that will address all your merchant-related inquiries . related : is it possible to sell stolen items ? how often do merchants replenish their gold supply ? what merchant has the most gold ? all of the perks that will help you sell stuff easier and to more people are in the speechcraft skill tree . the ones you will particularly be interested in are : merchant - sell anything non-stolen to any merchant . investor - give 500 gp to a merchant to permanently increase their bank by 500 gp . fence - sell stolen goods to any merchant you have invested in . master trader - all merchants have 1000 additional gp on-hand . these are all on the left side of the tree , with haggling and allure as pre-requisites .
immediate damage is magnified . extended effects are only accumulated once . part of the acid trap 's value is in the ongoing damage . this value is wasted if you use two . so traps like fire and acid that do ongoing damage could benefit from being paired with damage only traps such as arrows .
known trinkets are as follows : ? ? ? ' s soul* - provides a familiar that shoots homing spectral tears . other familiars may follow him . ace of spades - improves chances of finding cards bloody penny - 50% chance of dropping 1/2 heart upon picking up a coin burnt penny - 50% chance of ( collectable ) bomb spawning when picking up a coin cain 's eye - 25% chance of compass effect at the start of a floor cancer - doubles current tear stat child 's heart -increases the chance of receiving hearts from drops counterfeit penny - 50% chance of increasing coin value on pickup cursed skull - if isaac 's health is brought down to 1/2 of a heart , he is then teleported to a random room curved horn - increase damage eve 's bird foot - chance to spawn a dead bird when attacking an enemy fish head - attack flies spawn every time isaac gets hit flat penny - 50% chance of spawning a key when picking up a coin . may rarely spawn a golden key . goat hoof - increases movement speed isaac 's head - provides a familiar which is similar to brother bobby , but with piercing tears isaac 's fork - when clearing a room , provides a 10% chance of healing half a heart judas 's tongue - items in the devil room only cost 1 heart ( only works if picked up before entering devil room , and items requiring soul hearts will still require 3 of them ) the left hand - replaces all normal and golden chests with red chests liberty cap - for each room , 25% chance to give isaac a random passive mushroom-based effect . can also give the compass effect ( cited as a bug on wiki ) . lucky toe - increases chance of an item dropping after clearing a room maggy 's faith - gives an eternal heart at the start of each floor match stick - increases bomb drop chance missing page - 5% chance of invoking necronomicon effect when receiving damage . mom 's pearl - 10% chance of red hearts spawning as soul hearts instead ( stacks with mitre ) pinky eye - 10% chance to fire a poison tear the polaroid - if hp is half a heart , or receiving damage that would reduce hp to half a heart , isaac receives a brief damage shield and hp is not reduced . also allows entrance to " the chest " when opening the big golden chest at the end of cathedral . push pin - 10% chance to fire a spectral tear red patch - chance to activate the " razor blade " when hit rusted key - improves key and golden key drop chance safety cap - improves pill drop chance samson 's lock - chance of increasing damage when an enemy is killed for the current room ( similar to bloody lust ) tick - boss health decreased by 15% , 1 heart restored when entering a boss room . cannot be replaced ( be careful picking this up ) . umbilical cord - if brought to half a heart little steve will be spawned some info has been taken from the binding of isaac wikia .
for owning the shop , you get 15% reduction on the prices of items . when you get to cappadoce , everything costs 15% more because they are under control of the templars .
first off , this is what you should expect to find as a reward for underwater exploration . there are not many underwater enemies , certainly no dangerous ones . aside from too much water . i have not explored enough to post a truly definitive answer , but i can think of a few , none of which are like goldbrand or fin gleam . hopefully there is something more , because this list ( and note , it is impossible to be definitive when so much of skyrim is water ) is not very impressive . the most significant one i have found is the treasure for treasure map x , which is in the pond near the lady stone . for something requiring waterbreathing , there is the pilgrim 's trench , a ship graveyard with some decent loot . there is a minor quest in ivarstead that requires looking underwater , but it is barely waist deep . there are three underwater chests in broken oar grotto , memorable to me because the moon amulet ( a minor radiant quest ) was locked in a master chest on the deck of a sunken ship . the same is true in many caves ( although usually fewer chests ) , but nothing major . there is a notable false positive at hela 's folly ; the item you need for a quest is actually on dry ground near the shipwreck . the ship has a chest or two , though . as for places that are below sea level but not filled with water , the wreck of the winter war contains a skill book and ilinalta 's deep is related to a daedric quest .
they will not drown . i have down hours underwater with a mask that has waterbreathing enchantments , followers ( companions and otherwise ) will swim near/around you and will not drown .
it still works exactly the same as before 1.0.4 , but magic find is capped to 300% so it will become increasingly pointless as you get closer to reaching the highest paragon-level .
as we found out today loot item quality depends on the following things : portal level - the higher the better level of the strongest resonator ( i believe it determines the maximum item level you can get from the portal , not confirmed ) player level . we made an experiment today l1 and l6 players hacked the same l4.75 portal several times today : l1 player 's loot consisted of l1 and l2 resonators and xmp + common shields l6 player 's loot mostly consisted of l4 items + several l5 and l6 items + rare and very rare shields .
i believe you are looking for the serverinfo plugin created by joehot200 . in the instance of hivemc , they have used custom symbols to create that logo , but it was probably done with either this plugin or their own privately coded version . you can see the resource page for serverinfo here . by using this plugin , you can customize the text and color of what appears when a user mouses over your number of players connected .
yes , you can do that . go to \u2026\Steam\SteamApps\common\dota 2 beta\dota\cfg\ and create a new file called autoexec.cfg next to config.cfg , so it will not get overwritten . open it and add a line that says con_enable "1" . that will enable the console even without adding -console to the launch settings . alternatively , you could add hideconsole to the configuration file to hide the console after it pops up , but i recommend the first method .
the only units that actually cause friendly fire from splash damage are : siege tank shells psionic storms widow mine attacks raven 's seeker missiles ghost 's emp ghost 's tactical nuke some units that you might expect to cause ff splash damage but in fact do not are : yamato cannon on bcs ( does not cause any splash ) planetary fortresses hellion/hellbat attacks thor attacks baneling explosions infestor 's fungal growth ultralisk attacks mutalisk attacks colossi attacks archon attacks edit : see this website for more details .
no quest items weigh nothing , even when there is a weight listed . i personally had this happen with a stack of alto wine , i had over 140 alto wine , while my total carry weight was below 70 ( alto wine was weighs 0.5 )
there are many differences between civilization 4 and 5 . besides the obvious graphic changes some of the most significant game play changes are : 1 military unit per location , instead of infinite stacks global happiness instead of local happiness embarking troops instead of troop transport units . an extensive list can be found on the civfanatics forum . upcoming expansions might add or remove some of the differences . for example an announced expansion will add religion to civilization 5 , something which was already present in civilization 4 but absent in the civilization 5 base game .
http://drop.sc/replays very simple , filterable by league . should be everything you need .
there were a few hotfixes in 5.3 that made the karazhan chess event easier : http://us.battle.net/wow/en/blog/9687729/ karazhan chess event : increased the delay between moves for enemy chess pieces . chess event : medivh 's buff to damage on chess pieces has been reduced to 100% , down from 200% . chess event : damage from medivh 's fire has been reduced to 4k , down from 10k . since the enemy pieces move slower than they used to , it is easier to dodge damage using the water elemental strategy . also , since you take less damage from the fire , it technically makes the water elemental 's aoe relatively stronger than it used to be ( since the only other aoe damage was the fire ) .
its mostly relies on your luck :/ try starting the game until first vehicle you get is profit bird , then just start destroying all the vehicles as fast as you can , if you survive long enough you will get it again . you should destroy vehicles because when one is gone new starts to spawn and it is never the same as previous one .
champion key is 8 wins . straight from a hearthstone wiki * each reward can appear multiple times ** number of rewards
there is no official directory for minecraft servers , but the most popular places are : minecraft classic servers minecraft alpha servers
in dosbox , the mouse sensitivity can be altered by changing the setting " sensitivity " in section [ sdl ] in the file " dosbox . conf " . the default value is 100 and can be changed up to 1000 . i do not know if this is helpful for you in this situation but it might be worth a try . http://www.dosbox.com/wiki/dosbox.conf
in the options menu , under dummy options , choose " player " as the action .
minecraft puts the data in %AppData% , so you can just make batch files which set %AppData% to some other location before running the game . this is a trivial but flexible working example : @echo off set LAUNCHER=c:\games\minecraft\minecraft.exe set SUPPLEMENT=.minecraft-supplemental set APPDATA=%APPDATA%\%SUPPLEMENT% %LAUNCHER%  this will make that launch of minecraft keep and look for its data ( including your saves and even mods ) in %AppData%\.minecraft-supplemental\.minecraft\ . ( the extra level of folder structure is unnecessary but harmless , and it would be hard to eliminate it without breaking the sorts of things that the %AppData% convention was designed to avoid breaking . ) note that this will keep everything separate -- remembered login , achievements , saves , minecraft version , mods -- everything . as a bonus , this not only means that you can keep different versions of minecraft installed , you can segregate different login names into their own installs with their own saves , useful for sharing a computer with other minecraft players . you can make multiple versions of that batch file and change the %SUPPLEMENT% variable to keep the copies ' data separate . ( yes , it is currently set to a dumb name . customize it to taste . i suggest .minecraft-[username] . ) you can even use different minecraft launchers by changing the %LAUNCHER% variable , allowing different versions ( or users ) to use different launchers .
as long as the game is available for the vita then it should be fine . i purchased final fantasy vii as a ps1 classic before the vita , and i am able to play it on the vita . the thing is not all ps1 classics are one the vita , but most of them are , so if the classic you want to play includes the vita you can play it , even if it was purchased before the vita existed .
i . weak claimants can only press their claim under specific circumstances regency male claimant against female ruler there is already a war in progress disputing the title claimant is currently a pretender ( 2nd or 3rd in line to inherit title ) ii . females cannot press claims against titles with agnatic succession laws . so , when you see a claim that is not available as a cb if the claimant is female , verify that the title succession law is agnatic-cognatic or absolute cognatic if the claim is weak , verify that at least one of the specific circumstances apply male claimants with strong claims can always press their claims
it is possible to get new migrants to arrive with no labors turned on ( other than the hauling , cleaning and basic medical labors ) . in the init . txt file there is a setting called set_labor_lists . set this to no will cause new dwarves to not have any labors enabled . they will still have random experience in some labors . this way you can sort the dwarves by total assigned labors in dwarf therapist and all the new dwarves will have 11 labors turned on . ( source : http://dwarffortresswiki.org/index.php/df2012:d_init.txt you need to change the init . txt but that one does not have a decent wiki page yet )
according to the elder scrolls wiki , you must murder someone in cold blood . in other words , you must murder an innocent without provocation ( note that bandits and the like do not count as the required murder ) . once the deed is done , regardless of who is there , the cryptic message " your killing has been observed by forces unknown . . . " will appear in the corner of your screen , indicating you will be visited the next time you sleep . basically any non-essential npc will do . ( note that unlike in morrowind , oblivion 's predecessor , you cannot kill an essential npc , so you do not have to worry about killing the " wrong " person . if an npc is involved in a quest you have not completed , you will not be able to kill them . ) if you are looking for a specific set of targets , the wiki has a list of them . i have listed a few of the best targets below : -- the skooma den in bravil has 4 residents , 3 with 0 responsibility , so your crime will likely go unreported . -- camonna tong thug : killing one of the two camonna tong thugs at walker camp will give you no bounty , as they both have low responsibility . if you attack one of them before he attacked you , killing him is counted as a murder , and will allow you to join the dark brotherhood . they both respawn in a few days , as well . -- alval uvani has a rather low responsibility , and since he does a lot of traveling ( see the dark brotherhood mission a matter of honor for details ) it is rather easy to dispose of him on the road without witnesses . the benefit of killing alval is that you will have already completed one of the later brotherhood missions .
you can bind " move " to a key which will cause your character to move towards your mouse cursor without attacking . it is unbound by default .
as it currently stands , you must have gold privileges - either from your account , as part of a family pack , or as part of a promotion - to play online . free ( formerly known as silver ) and local accounts cannot otherwise play online . at one point , microsoft did offer online play to free/silver members for select titles , but it was for a limited time , and that no longer appears to be the case . final fantasy xi is an exception , though : you can play online even with an xbox live free account .
edit 2: this does still work , but you will have to log out after placing the solid blocks . when you log back in the game will not have remembered there was water there . this has only been tested in single player . edit : the following no longer works as of 1.1 . legacy answer : if you place a block on an area covered with water , the water in that spot will be destroyed . you can eliminate the water by simply filling the pool with dirt or stone squares ( you do not need sand ) and then mining them back out again .
yes , it is possible . look up Wiimote controller on the android market .
you can simply move your lava moat further away . this answer says : fire can also be born from lava . fire is always created above the lava position . fire can be created in a 5x5x2 shape above it so you just need to move it about 5 blocks away from any flammable material . additional , you can build a wall of cobblestone or glass ( any non-flammable material ) around your house to protect it from the fire .
look for servers that are still run by [ dice ] . there are still some of them out there . many private servers also put [ dice ] in their name , and have them set up as dice-like ( standard tickets mainly ) . others may say " tired of 500% tickets " or something . it usually takes a few minutes of searching , but once you find some , add them to your favorites . when you have several in your favorites that work for you , you should always be able to get into a decent game . in short , use your server browser to its potential . unfortunately , there is currently no way to sort by ticket count , so you have to put in a little extra work .
as far as i have experienced , rdr multiplayer is not region-locked . i live in the netherlands and have a european xbox 360 . i have played multiplayer games several times with my friends who live in the us . what kind of error prompt did you receive ? have both of you updated your games to the latest versions ? there have been at least 2 patches since release that fixed some multiplayer connection issues .
yes ; boss levels are treated like normal enemies levels in thvm , so as long as a boss is no longer part of a mission ( meaning you have completed and handed in the mission ) and you are in playthrough 2.5 , the boss will scale with your level . their loot , as always , is tied to their level , not yours , and capped at the level cap . but effectively that means at level 50 in playthrough 2.5 , repsawning bosses will be level 50 ( ish ) and drop level 50 ( ish ) guns . at all other times ( during missions , before beating warrior a second time ) boss levels are locked in due to their mission/area levels , just like playthrough 1 .
after doing some research i found the answer . select the quest trailing the coven - begin quest . now on the way to the spider there can sometimes be a merchant after the bridge . if not continue to the spider cave , you will notice that you will activate a checkpoint . now town portal , back and leave the game . click on resume game and check the spot again . from my testing its about 25% chance for him to be there . i bought 500 and placed them in my stack . in the long run with the potions be 305 instead of 610 , this is a savings of 152,500 gold .
as far as i am aware , the nether is just another directory in your worlds directory called DIM-1 . from what i understand , removing that subdirectory will remove your nether and force minecraft to generate a new one upon visiting it ( using the current terrain generator - this means you may get different nethers across different versions of minecraft if the terrain generator has changed between them ) . but please do make a backup : )
there are four different armors available to choose from . it appears that once you make your selection , that you are stuck with that one , so choose wisely . from left to right in your photo : wastelander allows you to get a discount on all cash items . this does not include vehicle upgrades . the exact discount you receive is 5% . roughneck this offers better protection . i assume this is an armor upgrade of some kind , but do not know an exact % of increased protection you get . fabricator this is described as you build like a pro , and when equipped says the items you build are improved . i do not know of the exact improvement that items you build get , but i would venture a guess that this means turrets and other buildable items might be a bit more durable and last a bit longer than without . crimson elite this armor is only available to people who have the anarchy edition , but it is a combination of all of the above three armors . you get all 3 benefits : 5% cash discounts , increased armor , and better engineering . if you have the anarchy edition , there is no reason not to pick the crimson elite , as it gives you the full benefit of the other items .
they are useful only for getting wool of different colors . no color of wool has any special uses over another , and each can be used interchangeably for decoration and crafting . the natural sheep colors are , in increasing order of rarity : white ( ≈82% ) light grey ( 5% ) dark grey ( 5% ) black ( 5% ) brown ( 3% ) pink ( 0.164% ) but why only these colors ? probably because they are the colors sheep naturally come in ( mostly ) . you can , of course , dye sheep to get the color you want , even colors that do not spawn naturally . brown requires special mention , however , because it used to be very difficult to get cocoa beans back when they could only be found in abandoned mineshaft chests . having brown sheep ( even with a 3% spawn rate ) made it much easier to get brown wool . you can read more about wool and sheep on the wiki .
you can use corrupt seeds on dirt to artificially create corrupted areas yourself . if you want to control how much the corruption spreads , plant sunflowers on the left and right boundaries of your corrupt areas , as they stop the spread of corruption . according to this user , only corrupt grass spreads the corruption ( to other dirt blocks ) – ebonstone will not . however , another user states ebonstone will in fact spread it , so i am not sure who is correct . thorny bushes will spread the corruption . i do not know if there is any data on the maximum size of thorny bushes .
this thread contains the completion times for various people , in response to someone asking the same question you did . the hours for completion ranged from 40-65 . the total completion varies - some are for 100% , some for much less . another thread asking the same question had an average completion of around 50 hours , although some people took as little as 25 hours ( for second playthrough ) , and one person took 120 hours for their first play through and 242 for their second ( i think there numbers might be off though . . . for obvious reasons ) . a few other threads have people clocking in around 40-50 hours as well , with a few people going as low as 20 hours for the first playthrough . the last thread also has a poll , with the majority taking 40+ hours . a few other q and a sites have times ranging from 40-60 hours as well . this sorean person took about 20 hours , although not sure if i trust that stack exchange site . . . some pretty shifty folk on there . ign 's review states : it'll keep you busy for at least 50 hours and you could spend double that in nintendo 's new hyrule . so much to do and see that you will be busy for weeks , if not months . in response to a question posed by kotaku , nintendo reps stated the game has 70 hours of gameplay . howlongtobeat . com has the average for the main quest at 34 hours , and an average of 57 hours to achieve 100% . the average for all players was 48 hours . as you can see , on average it takes people anywhere from 40-60 hours for their first play through ; although some people completed it in half that time , and others over double . in other words , it depends on a combination of your skill level and how much exploration you do .
as mentioned in the comments , how you spend your money when returning from afk is determined by your role on the team . i will just give a list of various champion types and suggestions . tanky/tanky-dps - i would almost always recommend grabbing something like heart of gold for those health dependant champions or maybe a philosophers stone for those mana dependent champions ( moakai , amumu , leona ) . these items will help you gain some of that lost gold back while still offering you a great advantage for the price . plus both of these items are in the recipe for a few awesome items . if you have enough get your boots so you can escape the inevitable ganks . ranged ad - for a ranged ad/carry i would say pick up at least tier 1 boots if not finish them off . you are going to need to stay mobile in the event your lane has been pushed back a tower . also everyone is going to be out to get you because you are probably underleveled . luckily you shine late game , so if you can grab some lifesteal , maybe a doran 's blade or two dependant on how long you have been afk and get to farming . the doran 's items offer great benefits at low cost . ap/casters - for ap casters i would probably also reccomened a philosophers stone ( you can sell it later ) and at least tier one boots . ap casters are very item dependant , and that ap scaling can benefit you greatly . i would grab the highest +ap item you can afford with your tier one boots that ties into one of your build items and hit the lane . you will need that ap boost to take out the minions efficiently because they scale with the game length . fighters - for a fighting active champion i would recommend boots and just flat health . they taking a beating and usually do not build a lot of armor . if you are planning on playing tankier then go with some armor . maybe the cloth or if you are lucky the chain . make sure to grab a health/armor item that converts into a higher tier item you utilize . general - generally speaking , the gold per second items are great choices because they offer great benefits stats and gold wise . also the doran 's items are great choices because they too pack a punch . stack a few doran 's blade and noone will ever know you left . you also want to keep in mind though your farming capabilities . do something that will keep you alive and out of harms way in that lane to bounce back gold and xp wise .
no . spells , magical enchantments , and poison damage are never multiplied by sneak / power attack multipliers . weergh ! indeed . i have been shooting arrows at this windhelm guard . as you can see in my screenshot , there is 4 listed health values : 316.00 - this is the guard 's base health 268.35 - this is a shot from my normal bow . it includes a 15 damage fire enchant . this implies that my bow shot did 33 damage , and 15 fire damage . 204.53 - this is a sneak attack from my bow . i have the 3x sneak attack perk w/ bows . our assumption is that magical enchantments do not get multiplied in . indeed , subtracting the 15 fire damage , we get 97 , which is about equal to 33 * 3 ( the difference in 2 expected damage is probably because he is on fire ; ideally , i would have tested with frost or shock , but did not have one of those on me ) 189.55 - sneak attack with bow , as above , but this time i added a 15 damage poison to my bow . this means after you subtract 15 from the fire enchantment and 15 from the poison , we dealt 97 damage again . ( so it looks like my first shot was probably around 32.33 , instead of the 33 i rounded it to . ) conclusion : magical enchantments and poisons do not get multiplied .
there is definitely not an option to do this in the game itself , and i am not aware of a tool to do so . in short : no .
not having played with the new update , i cannot be 100% sure , but based on previous knowledge i would say yes , as layouts are randomly generated to a degree every visit .
a couple of good off-site resources for affix ranges : http://www.diablofans.com/topic/41045-spoiler-diablo-iii-item-affixes/ http://diablo.incgamers.com/forums/showthread.php?816871-list-of-all-affixes-with-stats incgamers also has a very nice chart to show the maximum affix value possible on equipment and the total maximum that you can get . some comments indicate the data might be inaccurate , but it will serve well to get a general idea . note : when this answer was last updated , neither of them were accurate for ias values ( which were changed in 1.0.3 ) . also , the diablofans version which i used to make the list below has some incorrect values such as for critchance , so ymmv on the accuracy of other entries : ( . from a look at the diablofans list , some of the maximum value caps for the various modifiers are listed below . 41-50% more damage weapon minimum damage 27-32% weapon maximum damage 27-32% min weapon damage by 143-256 and max weapon damage by 191-381 reflects 1713-2544 damage back to the attacker adds 361-397 to armor 5-6% damage reduction vs . ranged 5-6% damage reduction vs . melee gives 658-959 life on hit gives 239-479 life on hit ( ring ) gives 1972-2878 life for each kill gives 985-1439 life for each kill ( ring ) chance to ( chill/slow/stun/immobilize/freeze/knockback ) target on hit 1-2.59% ( 1h and offhands ) 1-5% ( 2h , and one specific armor piece per type of effect ) additional chance to block 9% ( shield ) 15% ( amulet ) increased chance for critical hit 10-12% ( ring , bracers , helm ) 18-19% ( amulet , gloves , offhand ) increase critical strike damage by 66-100% ( weapon , amulet ) 35-50% ( ring , gloves ) increase max life by 10-12% 15-16% ( amulet , shield ) increases movement speed by 12% increases life regeneration by 411-599 per second ( amulet , chest armor ) 235-341 per second ( armor , offhand , ring ) provides ( specific ) resistance of 51-60 provides 71-80 resistance to all damage types ( amulet , ring , shield ) increases ( str , dex , int , vit ) by 170-200 ( amulet , belt , shoulder , weapon ) 90-100 ( ring , armor , offhand ) increases a combination of 2 primary attributes ( e . g . int and vit ) by 45-150 ( amulet , weapon ) 30-100 ( ring , armor , offhand ) 143-667 ( element other than cold ) damage 96-399 cold damage
there is no use for skins other than crafting and selling . if you have crafted all of the items and do not need the money , then you do not need to skin killed animals .
it indicates that you got a bonus ( or better ) pick-up from performing a stealth kill .
certain characters are more shrewd than others and can figure out if they have been stolen from and who did it . one of my favourite examples is anise ( the lady with the shack near riverwood ) . she is sent guards to all 3 of my characters . there is no penalty later on if you decide to talk to them , they will act like it never happened ( i think , or maybe they will dislike you more , but it is basically the same ) . i have also only ever had one set of thugs from each person , even if i continue to steal from them .
according to tweet by tobiwan , which is a link to a reddit article , this is the best strategy so picking heroes like phantom assassin , anti-mage , sven , troll warlord and alchemist should allow you to do a lot of damage . this works because the other team do not take damage from your attacks . the cleave damage ignores roshan 's high armour . so the people directly attacking rosh should pack some desolators . original tweet
yes if you wanted to take your auto-attacks into account . no if you are only taking the impale ability into account . if you are considering auto-attacks and impale critting in the same second : 2 chances to crit from auto-attack 1 chance from the impale ability itself 2 over 2 seconds from the impale ability 's rune . if you are considering only impale and the rune 's total effect : 1 chance from the impale ability itself 2 over 2 seconds from the impale ability 's runed dot effect . what the damage over time now affecting crits means is that now dot abilities themselves benefit from crit on each tick of the dot 's damage . for example , impale 's runed bleed does 125% weapon damage over 2 seconds , which means it deals 62.5% weapon damage every second . the individual dot ticks that do 62.5% weapon damage and happen once a second are what now benefit from crit .
the official brady games diablo iii guide says this about the loot system . " if a monster drops loot , the quality of the item ( s ) dropped is most affected by the monster 's level . if the loot bursts from an environmental object like a chest or barrel or pile of bones , the type/quality of items is most affected by where you are at in the game . other factors can come into play , as well . the fact is , diablo iii monsters can drop a wide range of loot items , but the odds of a low-level monster dropping a high-quality item are extremely small . so overall , it works just as you had expect : the higher a monster 's level , the better chance that it drops good loot after you slay the beast . " it also goes on to say ; " again , there are ranges of quality for both the base item and for any affixed special properties . as we said , the primary variable that determines the quality of a slain monster 's loot drop is the monster 's level----the higher the monster level , the more the odds are weighted in favor of it dropping a higher quality base item , and the better chance that the game will also attach higher quality enhancements ( or " affixes" ) to that base item . these item/affix ranges are divided into " tiers " that correspond to the monster levels . if the monster is a low-level creature , chances are that any gear it drops will be selected from the lower tiers of items , and enhancements assigned ( if any ) will be from lower-tier affixes . thus , each monster is said to have a " treasure tier " based on its level----the game tends to drop random items selected from item/affix tiers that correspond to the monster 's level . " this is why the patch notes you quoted say " the new approximate drop rates are as follows " since drops from mobs are not based on act but monster level . when i have some time i will compile a list of the level ranges for each act/difficulty since the guide does have a complete list of the bestiary complete with monster levels . to be honest i think you are over thinking it a bit . if you are level 60 then you should be farming the highest act you can reasonably do no lower than act 3 hell mode and if you are lower than level 60 then farm the highest act you can farm efficiently . farming one act back from whatever act is giving you trouble will give you a chance at gear you can use . edit act 1 has ilvl 61 mobs act 2 has ilvl 62 mobs acts 3 and 4 have ilvl 63 mobs there are some higher ( and lower in act 2 ) level mobs in both acts 1 and 2 but not many . act 1 has one ilvl 63 ( spiderlings ) for instance .
so , here 's what i have managed to find out on my own : 1- with the transfer pak connected , there is another section added to the pokemon selection screen when you are preparing a free battle , which allows you to enter and register a team from your gameboy color game ( it grants instant access to every legal option in your party and all of your boxes ) . 2- as mentioned above , you can register a team from your gameboy color game . this allows you to plug in your game , register your team , turn the n64 off , plug in your friend 's game , register their team , and so on , allowing multiple people to play with their gameboy color teams without requiring multiple transfer paks at once . however , from what i can tell , you can only register teams for games using preset rules ; if you are using a custom ruleset , you cannot register a team .
psionic powers are not an intrinsic attribute of the soldier , it is a chance based on the soldiers will attribute . since promotion raises will , highly promoted soldiers tend to have " the gift " more often . another thing that helps is the officer training project that raises will more when promoted , be sure to get it as soon as reasonable so more soldiers are affected . i did some save/loading in my last game and found that who gets psionics is determined before the testing is actually completed . saving just before testing is done , seeing who gets it and then reload and kick the ones that got nothing is a way to get all soldiers powers , eventually . just put them in testing over and over again until they get it . that experience gave me the impression that , at 70 will about one third will get psionics . raw rookies never do . i do not know exactly when who gets it is determined . possibly when you start training , or it could simply be that the game saves the random seed .
hit esc before minimizing skyrim , that way the windows cursor will not show up after maximizing the game .
it might be difficult to completely answer your question , but i can provide some considerations . which games do you want to play ? if they are fairly old ( 3-4 years ) and your graphics card is new , then usually investing in more ram helps . are you ok with poor graphics ? dialing down the graphics settings , anti-aliasing , anisotropic filtering , far distance , greatly improves fps . does your motherboard support the upgrades that you want ? usually old motherboards will not be fully compatible with newer gpus etc . they could have an older bus which could lead to reduced performance . they could have memory expansion limitations , even if they have extra slots . have a look at this question to determine point 1 .
i have determined that you can , in fact , shock police and military officers . in fact , you can shock gang members , and even people driving cars , if you can get close enough . the saintsbook challenge is for time though , and the rewards are otherwise uninteresting . if it is a pain , you are better off just starting streaking , waiting for time to run out , and then starting again . there is no added benefit to actually doing " well " at the minigame .
no , unfortunately not . the pc/ps3 compatible ones usually work by transmitting audio data via the usb connection . you had likely be able to get it to work for hearing things , with the proper audio adapters , but not for working with the headset 's mic .
from the quest items page on the skyrim wiki : while quest items do display a weight , they do not use up the inventory 's available space . so you do not have to worry about quest items sitting in your inventory : )
make sure you are dragging the pumpkin into your helmet slot . and note that you can only wear normal pumpkins ; jack'o'lanterns will not work .
there are 4 difficulties : casual , normal , veteran , and elite , and in addition a hardcore mode . can be seen on this video at around 2:50 . as the official site states : since there are no real benefits for picking hard difficulties other than fun ( you don’t get better loot ) , you are free to play the game how you most enjoy . if you like being overpowered… you can play normal mode . if you like a serious challenge , play elite ( which is much harder than very hard in tl 1 ) . if even elite is not enough for you , you will be able to easily download a difficulty mod and challenge yourself further . the loot and drop rates do not change , only monster health and damage change . and there is always the option to create your own difficulties with mods , to suite your specific desires .
you can only get experience for a mission once per playthrough . if you completed the mission by yourself and then replayed it in co-op , you would not get the experience a second time . if you complete a mission in co-op , it will count towards your single player game for all players involved , if they have not already completed it . it is also possible that you are not eligible for the mission , which means you have not completed the prior main story-line missions and are not far enough ahead in the game to get that mission by yourself . you will not get the rewards when another player turns it in . if this is the case , it will say so next to the missions and will not track progress for the mission .
no . the secret is that buildings that employ sims have a range of how many workers they can hire . employers have a minimum number workers they need for the building to function , and a maximum number they can hire . even if a building has the minimum number of workers to be functional , it will still demand the maximum number of workers . and of course when you add residential to get more workers , you also get more shoppers . the shoppers demand commercial , and commercial demands industrial ( for freight ) .
the effect of materials on the dwarves is completely individual . there is no room score for that . for those effects , see my answer here .
the quality is not directly related to the type of wood . the quality depends solely on the skills of your carpenter . however , certain dwarves prefer one kind of wood over another , and having a bed with their favourite type of wood in their bedroom will give them happy thoughts . this goes for anything though , a statue of their favourite type of rock will also give happy thoughts if it is in the dining room .
according to the information found here , complete the following steps to disable aging for your sim . press ctrl + shift + c to display the console window enter " aging off "
ask the agent to listen to the computerised voice in the enemy room . it will give you something in a foreign language that you can use . . .
there are not really more ways to earn lots of money as fast as possible . the most effective is the horse race technique . for users which do not know this trick : the other ways are as you said to do missions or murder drugdealers . they usually have something like 2000$ in their pocket . without cheating there is no other " very fast " ways to earn money . other optional ways to get money are : ambulance job - bringing people to the hospital . taxi job - bringing people to places they chose . killing prostitutes . get a pimp mobile and transport girls to and from their work zones . trucking job - do what truckers do . firefighter job - 5 firefighter missions give you like 10.000$ . casino - black jack , etc . feel free to add more if i forget options to earn money .
the short answer is no , you can not transfer individual eshop games . from nintendo 's 3ds general information page : can the downloadable version of a nintendo 3ds game be transferred to another 3ds console ? it is not possible to transfer a specific software title to another nintendo 3ds console . however , it is possible to perform a system transfer and transfer the entire content of your console to another . for more information please refer to the system transfer section of this website . i had to dig a bit to find this information , it is under ' nintendo eshop information -> downloadable retail software - frequently asked questions ' . also keep in mind this tidbit regarding system transfer , under ' transferring games': how many times can i transfer content from one system to another ? data can be transferred up to five times . a system cannot perform a system transfer multiple times within a set period .
you only need to have possesed them at one point , else it wouldnt be fun with the crafting and all :d
no , unfortunately . i and ii are only available on the touch screen .
one option is to use mcedit to load up the world you were playing in and move your character out of the lava and into water . this will put the fire out and allow you to survive . another option is , if you have cheats turned on , to quickly type /gamemode &lt;yourname&gt; 1 in order to change yourself to creative mode and thus prevent yourself from taking damage .
answer to 3 . : you will have to destroy all the resonators before adding new ones . answer to 1 . /2 . /4 . : if you are l1 , you will need a lot of bursters to destroy the portal . a xmp burtster l1 can make 150 points damage when you stand on the resonator . a l1 resonator health is 1000 points , so for each l1 resonator you will need 6-7 bursters . a l2 resonator health is 1500 points , so for each l2 resonator you will need 10 bursters . a l3 resonator health is 2000 points , so for each l3 resonator you will need 13-14 bursters . source but , if the portal is correctly protected with shields , ( 4 very rare shields , each one eat 10% of damages ) , they will reduce damages by 40% . . . so you will need a lot of bursters and time to destroy the complete portal . . . and during the attack , owners can restore health of portal . . . the best solution would be to go there with many friends fully equiped : ) edit : i found an attack simulator that will help you to predict how many bursters you will need to destroy a portal .
after extensive testing , i have determined that yes , it is deterministic . in order to predict the outcome , you need only tap the spinning wheel when your target is directly at the bottom of the wheel . as the wheel slows , whatever was directly at the bottom will be where it stops . i have also noted that the wheel spins at different rates . i am not sure if it start slow each day and progresses faster with each subsequent spin , or if the speed is random . when it is going very slow , the deterministic nature is easy to verify .
this is something that can only be done with a very low ping and decent hardware . essentially you press w and target the enemy and then immediately press q while you are traveling to complete the headbutt . this will cause alistar to execute his pulverize as soon as his headbutt animation has finished . because the enemy has a travel time from the headbutt , the pulverize will interrupt their movement and instead knock them up into the air . if you ever see an alistar seemingly activate his pulverize and pound the ground for no reason , it is most likely because they attempted to perform this combo but the target was out of range .
you can put a single bucket of water into a dispenser . when a dispenser " dispenses " an empty bucket , it actually " picks up " a source block in front of it . by putting a single water bucket in a dispenser , when it is activated once it dispenses the water and when it is activated again it removes the water . you can use this to make a button- or other restone device-triggered " off switch " for a portal . this is a complete reference design : the trench behind the portal is what keeps the water from flowing everywhere : to turn it back on , you can build a dispenser with fire charges directly against the frame . the fire charge goes through the frame , lighting it . the only problem with this is that it consumes a resource that has to be occasionally replenished . thanks to resorath for the tip and the video that demonstrates the technique :
if players are within 4 levels of each other , experience is worth 100% . starting at 5+ levels apart , experience decreases by 10% each level until it reaches 10+ levels apart , it then decreases by 95% . example : a level 1 being boosted by a level 60 will still receive 5% xp per monster kill . however , if you legitimately kill monsters in a more difficult act with friends your own level ( or solo ) you receive the full amount of xp . no solid citations yet , sorry .
if you have extra notoriety in the frontier , it is site specific ( like when you attack a fort ) , mission specific ( a few missions take place in the frontier and they have a special notoriety conditions ) or a bug . during normal game play , it is impossible to raise your notoriety in the frontier . i have managed to bring notoriety into the frontier , but if it did not disappear immediately , it did either when i crossed a border or fought the first patrol . this leads me to believe that the frontier is coded to enforce level one inside it is boundaries .
unequip weapons and items that cast spells . you will walk over the eggs
i have searched high and low for a faster way , as i repeatedly invested in the stock market post-game to build up my characters net worth into the billions . however , the only way i am aware of is to hold the button down while your cursor is over the "+" icon . as you hold , the counter will accelerate . it still takes a good 20-30 seconds to max out your shares bought if you are buying a cheap stock and you have a ton of cash , though .
there is a great walkthrough on how to cure vampirism on gamefront . here 's the list , distilled : if it is within three days of becoming a vampire , you can cure the disease with a Cure Disease potion . activate the shrine of talos outside whiterun . the shrine will cure you of all diseases . since it sounds like you are a stage 4 vampire , you should feed so that you are no longer stage 4 . to do this : wait until night and drink the blood of a sleeping person . even sleeping beggars will do . just crouch/sneak and interact with a sleeping npc to drink their blood . nb : if you’re still having trouble drinking blood , remember that you have two useful abilities as a stage 4 vampires — embrace of shadows , and vampire seduction . embrace of shadows turns you invisible , while vampire seduction will make an npc calm and cease wanting to attack you . once you have contracted vampirism ( e . g . , gone beyond day 4 ) , you need to do the following : speak with any inn keeper or bartender about rumors . they’ll tell you that a man named falion in morthal is studying vampires . find morthal east of fort snowhawk . once there , talk to falion and he’ll discuss how to cure vampirism . he’ll tell you to get a black soul gem . if you don’t have one , falion will sell you one . before being cured , you’ll need to fill the black soul gem . to fill a black soul gem , you’ll need to cast a soul trap spell on a human , then kill them . any human will work , including bandits and enemies . you’ll need to obtain a soul trap spell , sold by any magic vendor . if you’re really desperate , try the college of winterhold , or explore whiterun to find a shop . if you don’t have high magic skills , just purchase a soul trap scroll . note : the mage for the jarl of whiterun , the jarl’s court mage , should have a soul trap spell . with a filled black soul gem , return to falion and talk to him to complete the ritual .
to expand on mordi2k 's answer a bit : basic map skulls can be earned only once , and are earned 2 per map in apprentice and 5 per map in war mage difficulty . these skulls are shared between difficulties , earning them in one of the difficulties automatically gives them on the other one . at the same time , repeating a map in nightmare difficulty ( unlocked after completing the game ) allows players to earn 5 more skulls per map that are not shared with the lower difficulties . of the 5 skulls earnable in the maps , 4 are based on how many rift points are left when the level is complete , and the remaining one is earned if the level is complete within the level 's par time . bonus skulls here is the list of bonus skulls you can earn at the end of a level : victory , 1 skull : win a level . perfect victory , 1 skull : do not lose any rift point . perfect buddy victory , 1 skull : do not lose any rift point in co-op game . untouchable , 2 skulls : never be hit . vampiric gauntlets do not count against this bonus . new high killstreak , 2 skulls : make a killstreak higher than any precedent on that character . new high score , 1 skull : beat your preceding scores on an already played map . skulls picked up , 1 skull each : 1 for each skull picked up during the mission ( dropped by enemies ) , it is not shared with the other player . ( question on what causes skulls to drop ) 100 career kills , 1 skull : kill 100 enemies . 200 career kills , 1 skull : kill 200 enemies . 300 career kills , 1 skull : kill 300 enemies . 400 career kills , 1 skull : kill 400 enemies . 500 career kills , 1 skull : kill 500 enemies . 1000 career kills , 1 skull : kill 1000 enemies . 5000 career kills , 5 skulls : kill 5000 enemies . 10000 career kills , 5 skulls : kill 10000 enemies . 20000 career kills , 5 skulls : kill 20000 enemies . 500 more career kills , 1 skull : kill 500 more enemies . earned only when the others career kills milestones are not met . 1000 more career kills , 2 skulls : kill 1000 more enemies . earned only when the others - career kills milestones are not met . all information obtained from the orcs must die wikia
the fsx eula makes no mention of it being none-transferable . i have " activated " the game myself on numerous computers , and it is never come back saying " you need to de activate on another device " . just uninstall the game , as you would when transfering it to another device ; and that should be all that is required . it does connect with ms when activating the key , but it does not do any such thing when uninstalling ( just checked ) . so . . . there should not be any issues . your buyer should be able to install it just fine with the key .
a still uses about 2600mj to process 1 bucket of biomass . it does so at a maximum of 6mj/t , so processing a bucket of biomass into . 3 buckets of biofuel takes ~433 ticks . the fermenter takes about 1400mj per ' operation ' with a maximum input of 17mj/t . if you fuel the fermenter with saplings , you get 0.8 buckets per operation , so it takes 1750mj per bucket . at 17mj/t that would take ~103 ticks to complete . the other common option is compressed plant balls , which produce 0.5 buckets per operation . this would end up taking 2800mj/bucket , and one bucket every ~164 ticks . the math seems to say that you need at least 4 stills to be able to keep up with a single fermenter running on saplings , and 3 to keep up to one running on compressed plant balls . this would take 17mj/t + ( 4x 6mj/t ) = 41mj/t for saplings or 17mj/t + ( 3x 6mj/t ) = 35mj/t for compressed plantballs , discounting any inefficiency losses in cabling / piping . after some more research of my own i decided to do some more research about energy usage for various materials , i ended up with these numbers for the fermenter , with ticks/bucket calculated : the still used 25,400mj for 10 buckets of biomass , producing 3 buckets of biofuel . calculating the speed , this would have taken 423 ticks per bucket . i am assuming the max mj/t usage i used is correct , because these numbers come from the official forestry wiki . this gives us the following info : oddly enough , while i was testing , i noticed that the various items you can feed fermenters create slightly more than their listed buckets per item : i have taken the difference in output into account by measuring the output using liquiducts feeding into railcraft multiblock tanks that are accurate to the millibucket . another consideration is that there is some contention over the efficiency of redstone energy cells , which i used to test the energy draw of the fermenters and stills . some claim a 5% loss for every junction ( which would be 1 in each of these test scenarios , the cells are placed directly adjacent to the energy consumer ) . i have assumed 0 loss , partially to simplify the calculations , but also to present a common real world scenario . most energy setups will use redstone energy cells as a buffer , so the loss ( if it exists ) is calculated in here . note also that the loss would apply to all the machines , so ratios should not be different . oddly enough , in contrast to what my calculations would seem to suggest and what unionhawk 's testing seems to suggest , 5 stills were not able to keep up with a single fermenter fed with fertilizer and saplings , powered by a redstone energy cell . i have included a screenshot . as you can see , the indicators on the side of the fermenters show them almost half full , the buffer tank for biomass on the left is empty , biomass is flowing from the tank / fermenter to the stills , and biofuel is flowing to the storage tank to the right ( img album ) . i have no idea why these five stills can not keep up , contrary to unionhawk 's testing and my own calculations . it is a close matter , it took probably upwards of 10 stacks of saplings and more than 600,000mj on the fermenter to get the stills halfway to full . perhaps this is some kind of liquid duplication bug .
it works the same as experience . it does not matter who delivers the killing blow , you just have to be in the vicinity .
i missed this conversation option as well , so i had to look this one up after i completed the game . if you manage to get the final paragon option , you will not need to take the renegade option to save anderson . instead , the illusive man will realize he is wrong and has been indoctrinated , and he will shoot himself in the head .
starting with at least the 1.6 version of skylanders : cloud patrol , they detail in the get help section on how to retrieve your web card code ( image below ) . in summary , to retrieve your code , you need to have a skylanders spyro 's universe account , with your characters imported into your game ( from the portal if you lost your code ) . after logging in to the game , you can tap on the my info button , and see the web card code for each character you have imported into the game . you can then use that web card code within skylanders : cloud patrol .
i played the first one through and loved it . i am now playing witcher 2 and loving it as well . if your concern is the plot and back-story , i think you will do fine just reading the plot summary on wiki as far as importing a save game , it carries over a little bit of money and gear , but nothing that gives a huge advantage . you will have earned more money and better gear in a few hours anyway . the biggest issue i can think of is in understanding the mindset of the character , the game , and the world . the witchers are powerful warriors like you had find in other games , but that is not what makes them interesting/unique . their specialties are knowledge of the many exotic monsters and their alchemy with potions ( and traps and bombs in this case ) . reading/researching about creatures would be optional codex/lore in another game , but here it is part of the quests themselves . potions , bombs , traps would be optional consumables in another game - and i personally rarely use them - but here they are critical . many people are struck by the difficulty of the game , and it is usually because they are trying to sword-fight their way through everything . if you really make use of the traps , bombs , potions , oils , etc . you should do just fine . lastly , understand that the character geralt is not trying to be a heroic soldier . unlike in comparable rpgs , you are neither a great hero nor villain , just something like a tough exterminator travelling from village to village cleaning up their monster infestations . getting caught up in politics and wars is anathema to the cynical witcher who just wants to be on his way to the next job .
i now found the function , it is called " use medallion " and mapped to the Z key ( or Y in german ) . when using the medallion you highlight all items in the vicinity for a short while , although the highlighting effect is pretty subtle . the use of the medallion also shows you places of power and highlights enemies .
go into the temple , up the stairs to the right and out the door up there . you will end up on the level above the platform . they thank people for coming to their wedding , and you can tip the gargoyle up there on top of her to kill without a bounty . whilst this does not add a bounty , the husband and the in-laws go ape and try to kill you .
you will not trigger your own mines by walking over them . however , when they explode due to an enemy walking over them or you shooting them , you will take damage from them if you are too close .
this is common to all borderlands players on steam right now , as achievements are disabled/not working yet . http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1390120
the bonus explosive damage is added as a proportion of the base damage in an aoe . for example , torgue assault rifles add 150% of the weapons base damage as aoe damage , while maliwan pistols add 135% of their base damage as aoe elemental damage ( i believe maliwan sniper rifles add around 75% ) on every shot . this aoe damage is not multiplied by critical it modifiers but is affected by gun damage modifiers ( as it alters the base damage before the aoe damage is calculated ) . i do not know the proportion for torgue pistols or shotguns , however , or if the maliwan effects alter elemental chance ( as i have seen them cause double elemental dot with one bullet , but i do not know if that was a fluke or not ) .
no , it is not true . while a city can only work a tile within three steps , it will still provide access to a strategic or luxury resource for your empire if the relevant improvement is built upon that tile and the tile is within the city boundary .
you are only allowed to keep weapons you have purchased in ammunation . weapons you have picked up during missions etc are only available until you log off from gta online . you also lose the weapons if you die or change session .
the way i usually compared weapons was to equip them one-by-one and check the damage of the equipped hand in my character stats . this is because the values shown in the listing are base values without scaling , which varies a lot from weapon to weapon . it is also important to note that different types of elemental damage work better against different targets . shields have attack because they are valid weapons , too , if equipped on the right hand . you can use them like a sword . they are often much slower or worse in attack than normal weapons , though . the icons you are interested in durability - shows how quickly your item will need to be repaired . bleeding effectiveness - shows how effectively the weapon causes bleeding against the enemy . once the bleeding meter of the enemy is full , they will take a huge amount of damage based on their health . poison effectiveness - shows how effectively the weapon will cause poison effect on your enemy . once their poison meter is full , they will be poisoned and take continuous damage until the meter is drained empty again . divine effect - effective against skeletons in the catacombs and beyond . occult effect - the item is more effective against certain bosses . weight - pretty self-explanatory . shows how much the item weighs . important to note when aiming for a certain type of roll .
currently there is no implementation of pack behavior , in either animals or monsters . however , wolves spawn in packs of 1 to 8 http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/wolf .
an enemy should only ever get downed from normal fire from guns like the lancer etc . killing someone immediately by shooting them in the legs with a lancer should never happen . an enemy will be killed if : hit by a head shot from a ; longshot , boltock pistol , gnasher shotgun . directly hit by a ; torque bow , boom shot , frag grenade , incendiary grenade , one shot , sawn off shotgun , mortar , charged bayonet from the retro lancer , chainsaw from the lancer , digger . an enemy has already been downed twice , the third time they are dead . you are shot when you are down .
the doors are tied to your health . the door will only be open if you have full health . however , the temporary hp boosts ( blue hearts ) can serve as a equivalent of the missing red hearts . for example : if you are missing one red heart but have one blue heart the door will open . but if you are missing two red hearts and only have one blue heart the door will still be locked .
ignore the vipera ; get the shotgun . put points in as a medic and get in close to the action where the shotgun reigns supreme . xp up until you can afford the ak or ag . as bjorn stated , the vipera is a good stealth weapon but you do not have the money for the sensors and suppressors at low level so direct action is a better tactic for the early game .
in general , i think achievements such as those were designed to only be achievable through multiple playthroughs . in any case , i think the idea to abuse barbarians in an archipelago map is good , just make sure that : you get the honor social policy so that you are always aware where encampments are . you do not destroy the encampments - leave them alive , and " camp " them by placing a ship nearby and destroying anything that spawns immediately . play with few opponents , if you can - barbarians only spawn ( relatively ) far from claimed territory , so you want as much of the map as possible to remain clear . it is good that you play with slower pacing - it means there are more turns in which you already have powerful hunting units than when starting many new games .
from a user on gamefaqs answering the question how the exp calculation works : the amount of experience is calculated from the difficulty level as well as the number of monsters you kill . depending on your levels and your groups , you will need to find a good balance , as if you jump into a high level song but can not even kill the first guy you get nothing , and conversely slaying 12 guys in the lowest difficulty is also probably not so great .
first , i will confirm that your except is correct . the meta currently is a mage mid , bruiser top , jungler in the jungle , and ranged carry and support bot . mage/caster - mid bruiser - top jungler ranged ad - bot support - bot next , let us look at why the current meta works/makes sense . we need to understand each of the roles defined above to understand what they do and how they fit into the current game state . the lol wikia 's list of champions shows the designation each champion received from riot as it pertains to their role on the team . they include a few types that are not in the list above , such as assassin which includes champions that can be bruisers , casters/mages and/or junglers . note that some champions can fill multiple roles ( just not usually in the span of one game ) . rather than explain every champion and how they can be played , i will assume that you have done some research yourself and have a general understanding of how any individual champion works . back to answering your question ! one thing that should jump out at you when you look at the list of positions ( top/mid/bot ) is their place on the map and what objectives that puts them near . we will start , as with most things , at the top . top lane is , by far , the most isolated lane . the early game objective ( aside from jungle buffs ) is dragon . top lane can not really participate in the fight for dragon without abandoning the lane , seeing as the dragon camp is between mid and bot lanes . some players will use the teleport summoner spell to have more of a map presence when they find themselves in the top lane but this is at the expense of another summoner spell that could prove useful against your lane opponent . being this far from dragon also means that if someone else on your team ( jungle or mid usually ) comes to help you against your lane opponent , you are no longer pressuring dragon . sometimes showing the enemy team that your jungler is top is an open invitation to the enemy mid , jungle and bot players to go for dragon and take it or force a 4v3 in their favor . so top , being unable to participate in the fight for dragon and not wanting to pull other allies into the top lane , thus weakening you map position relative to dragon , needs to be resilient ( but they should also probably be able to do some damage to try to get the enemy team to help their top laner , thus strengthening your map position relative to dragon ) . this usually means that champions with the ability to take a few punches and dish out some damage ( hence the nickname bruiser ) end up top . working our way down from the top we come now to mid . champions who end up in mid tend to be , as you pointed out , mages/casters . the difference between the two , for purposes of this answer anyway , is this . mages build ability power and tend to derive their strength from their abilities rather than their auto-attacks . champions refered to as " casters " tend to include champions like talon and pantheon . casters derive a lot of their strength from their abilities but do it by building attack damage and have some use for auto-attacks . the similarity between these two designations is that they both get their strength/offensive capability/damage from the abilities . there are two ways to make a champion 's ability stronger ( 1 ) level it up ( 2 ) buy items with stat that the ability uses in its damage calculation . both of these methods can be achieved by being the only champion in a lane ( rather than being paired with an ally ) . you get all the experience in each minion wave and you get as much of the gold as you can successfully farm ( which then lets you build items ) . seems pretty simple , and it is . mages/casters then tend to be able to dish out a lot of damage ( but unlike bruisers are squishier ) and can therefore participate in the fight for dragon . their squishyness also means they might need more help from their jungle but unlike top lane , this does not take away from pressure at dragon . in fact , if you can kill their mid you may be able to initiate a fight at dragon 4v3 in your favor . before we get to bot , we will look at <a href="stackexchange-url why we have a jungler on the team . the jungler takes advantage of the experience and gold and provides map pressure and a variable degree of risk to the enemy team ( if you can not see the jungler they could be anywhere ) . the jungler is usually a champion that can hold their own against the jungle monsters and gank enemy champions and therefore usually have some form of crowd control . the jungler usually has smite which can be very useful in securing dragon , jungle buffs and baron and can place wards to assist in keeping track of enemy champions movements . that brings us to bot . there are usually two champions down in bot lane including the attack damage carry ( adc ) and the support . adcs tend to get most of their damage from their auto-attacks augmented by an attack steroid available to them through their kit tristana 's rapid fire , graves 's quickdraw , kog'maw 's caustic spittle and bio-arcane barrage are a few examples of attack steroids . this means they want items and to be able to buy items they need gold . to get the gold they needs minion/champion kills but unlike mages and bruisers they are both squishy and lack strong abilities that would deter opponents who are trying to kill them . this is where support comes in . support , simply put , supports the adc . this can mean sustaining the adc with heals , like soraka , setting up kills like blitzcrank or some combination of both ( see alistar ) . tl ; dr mage/caster - mid derives damage from abilities , wants more experience to level up abilities . bruiser - top needs to not die but also needs to be a threat . jungler puts pressure on lanes and secures objectives . ranged ad - bot support - bot get the adc online and doing as much damage as possible . this of course all breaks down after the laning phase ends but i hope it helped !
chapter 5 - area 3 when you have to cut the tubes of the neurotoxin generator . but i think it is the only place in the game . correct me if i am wrong !
golden neutral cards are earned for reaching levels 51-60 in a class , 2 copies of 5 cards for each class . each class unlocks different gold cards . a full list can be found here : http://www.hearthpwn.com/forums/hearthstone-general/general-discussion/593-leveling-system-rewards
this is a known bug that many people have reported seeing . i myself have even experienced that multiple times . . . there is really nothing you can do about it other than try to ignore it until a patch fixes it , i am afraid .
no . all you need is a higher powered sniper rifle . here 's a video : http://www.ign.com/wikis/mass-effect-3/atlas_mech
eu players refer to character . the minimum call it " toon " mostly those who learn't the wow terms from us streamers . the majority of the us players call it " toon " , with the minimum calling it " character " . and " sprite " is a viable term too . sprite is used the least from my 6 years of playing wow . i barely ever heard it . sprite is a therm more used in nintendo games . like pokemon or any games that are of that kind . in mmo 's it is better to stick to toon and character . but none the less there is really no difference between them . as a eu player myself i always say character . both are right . use whichever you like more : )
levels are defined by skill levels , so you reach level 81 when you have got ( almost ) all skills to 100 . however you can now reset skills that reach 100 back to 15 , to gain more experience ( levels ) from getting the skill to 100 again . some skills can be trained with minimal effort : alchemy - with enchanted gear to create very high value potions illusion - muffle can be cast anywhere alteration - detect life when in a town smithing - crafting high-value jewelry
watch the auction house . right now , crafting materials are selling for substantially less gold than all but the worst low level blue items . you will get far better results selling your blue items and buying essences from the ah . for example , current market value for normal mode mats is 20g for subtle essence and 45g for fallen teeth . so any item worth more than 25g , i sell . if its worth less than 25 , i gamble for a shot at a tooth .
there are three weight classes : light weight medium weight heavy weight heavy weight karts will take a long time to accelerate , but they have the highest top speed . also , when a heavy kart collides with a lighter kart , that light kart will sometimes spin out . light weight karts have a high acceleration , so they can get going quicker after a complete stop , but they have the lowest top speed . medium weight karts are a good balance of the two - medium acceleration and medium top speed . toad , princess and yoshi are the light weight karts in mario kart 64 . mario and luigi are the medium weights , and bowser , wario and dk are the heavy weights .
how did you harvest your crops ? if you picked them up using the pick axe or drill , i believe it will just give you back whatever seed you used to plant it . in order to harvest your crops , you will need to interact with the plant ( by pressing e ) . this will give you the result of the crop and another seed to plant again . see the starbound wiki for more information on farming .
sorted this by going into creative mode and removing the block from there !
i once received 5 cities from an ai . the cities behaved as if i conquered them . i had the option to occupy , puppet or raze . there was so much unhappiness that i gave two of them back .
ok , i have just received this ultra-fast answer directly from their support : hi anto , they are account-bound , you can summon/dismiss them on any character : ) cheers , samantha good news !
hit f3 to see your coordinates , and head for coodinates x=0 , z=0 . that will take you to somewhere near your initial spawn . from there you should be able to find your way home . or , chop down the tree you mentioned , build a chest , and put all your equipment in that chest . hit f3 , write down your co-ordinates , and die . you will respawn at your last bed or spawn point , after which you can find your way back to the chest with your stuff . this will leave you in the same spot that are now , but now you will know the way back to your base . or , if you are really stuck , use a map program like tectonicus to create a map of your world , and use that to find your way home .
when you earn a " karma streak " ( performing either several good karma actions in a row , or several evil karma actions in a row ) , you will earn the ability to use a super move by pressing down on the d-pad . you will see an indicator in the upper-left corner of the screen when you have earned this ability , like this : this ability first becomes available during the boss fight on top of the space needle .
the reaper of souls update has substantially modified this process . there are 4 different machines that can be created which correspond to the particular fights to obtain a particular organ . no more opening 3 portals to guarantee seeing the uber you need . act 1: fields of misery : odeg - the key of bones act 2: dahlgur oasis : sokahr - the key of gluttony act 3: stonefort : xah'rith - the key of war act 4: silver spire level one : nekarat - the key of evil the infernal machine plan can drop from any of the keywardens and they all have a small chance to spawn a second key that is not particular to them . to craft one of the 4 machines you only require the appropriate key and 100,000 gold coins . the level 70 hellfire ring requires 4 organs , the new crafting plan which costs 5,000,000 gold coins from squirt in act 2 and 50,000 coins to craft . the organs are : vial of putridness ( infernal machine of gluttony ) leoric 's regret ( infernal machine of bones ) idol of terror ( infernal machine of war ) heart of evil ( infernal machine of evil ) it is still possible to obtain the original keys while you are level 60 and to craft the level 60 hellfire ring as per the legacy information that used to be contained in answers here ( you can see that info from reviewing edits on the top answers ) . it is not possible to stack the level 60 and 70 hellfire rings to obtain an 80% experience gain bonus . it is not confirmed that the organs drop with the same rate as the keys . they pop only in torment difficulties . the rates are listed in this answer .
the easiest way is to simply make a protruding rim around the outside using any type of block . the spiders will climb until the reach the rim , but will not be able to go any higher . i like to use stairs for a nice sloped effect . if you do not like that method , you can also create a vertical 1-block gap and fill it with either iron bars or glass panes .
it is possible to play as any faction by changing the descr_stat.txt file . however , this is not an official mod , so do this at your own risk . this website will be helpful ( if you are not confident in changing game files i would not do it ) . this will tell you how to change all the factions in the game into playable ( all but rebels , as rebels = slave ) , even the main roman senate faction . playing as rebels/slaves or roman senate is buggy so not recommended for regular play . the descr_strat.txt file can be found in the data\world\maps\campaign\imperial_campaign folder [ . . . ] [ the below ] section determines which factions are playable [ . . . ] to change this , simply cut and paste them into another section . the section of descr_strat.txt you are looking for looks like this : bonus tip : you can look in the building browser of cities you do not control to see the units/buildings for that faction .
the differences are purely visual . arenanet have strived to make the high level gear different only in visual appearance to avoid the end-game gear grinding . many items and weapons which are maximum stat exotics only vary by skin . the only real exception to this is the ascended gear which caused some upset in the player-base . http://www.shacknews.com/article/76799/guild-wars-2-team-addresses-gear-grind-complaints
the only possibility to get the ones which are only available on ios , is to hope they will include them in a update for the android version .
what this map is saying is pink ward dragon and baron to be able to keep them clear of enemy wards , sight ward your tri-brush top and bottom , the entrances to both buffs , as well as the river for ganks from other lanes . and if you can afford it , ward the brush in bot lane , as it helps keep their support from zoning your ad carry from farming , as well as stops lane ganks from your opponents jungle .
server difficulties the difficulty of a server is configured on the server-side , regardless of what a players client is configured as . the difficulty property is an integer and has 4 potential values . the value defaults to 1 , or easy . peaceful peaceful mode is active when difficulty=0 . hunger is disabled , as is eating , and health is regenerated all the time . hostile mobs spawn if spawn-monsters is true , but they are removed immediately . ( it is worth , therefore , to also set spawn-monsters to false ) . easy easy is the default difficulty , and is active when difficulty=1 . hunger is enabled , but will only cause damage when steve has more than 5 hearts . hostile mobs have less health and cause less damage , while creepers have a smaller detection radius . normal normal mode is active when difficulty=2 . hunger is enabled , and can cause damage down to 0.5 hearts . hostile mobs have ' normal ' health and cause ' normal ' damage ( see table ) . hard hard mode is active when difficulty=3 . hunger is enabled , and can kill steve if left unattended . hostile mobs deal greater damage and have a small amount of extra health . creepers have a larger detection radius for triggering their attacks . tl ; dr :
simple answer : no . total coins are only for upgrades . per level coins are only for star ranks .
it does affect which quests are available , because joining one blocks your access to the other . however , it does not block your access to any achievements , because the civil war achievement is awarded upon completing either the imperial questline or the stormcloak questline . you do not have to complete both to get all achievements . pick whichever you want , and you will still be able to get all achievements with one character .
for the tl ; dr crowd who only care about the usage i will give you a quick break downs : group your mutalisks move them out of harms way and press " stop " wait for them to spread out move ( not attack move ) near by the thor no two muta should be hit by the splash once the mutalisks stop on their own you can focus fire the thor remember : after the thor dies you will need to move ( not attack move ) to the new target or risk bunching up . i am going to quote myself on this one : right now , the magic box is one of the most interesting things happening in starcraft 2 game play . at its core is the idea that “hard counters” don’t really exist in starcraft 2 and that , rather , how you use your units is more important than what they are . those people familiar with using speedlings against hellions or tanks against marauders have already encountered this strange phenomenon . to help you understand this , it’s probably best if i start by explaining what a “hard counter” is . the concept of a counter unit is very much based in the children’s game rock-paper-scissors . for those unaware of the game , children simultaneously choose one of the three titular elements , each of which wins against another element while losing against the other differing element ( same elements are considered draws ) . a first glance at starcraft seems to indicate a similar trend : hellions do extra damage to light units ( which zerglings are ) and can be upgraded even further in this capacity ; by comparison zerglings do not do extra damage to hellions and , further more , clump up causing them to take additional damage from the hellions’ aoe . this would imply to the layperson that an army of zerglings will lose to an army of hellions . strangely enough , you’ll see many zerg players actually employ speedlings ( speed upgraded zerglings ) in defense against hellions . while this may seem counter intuitive , if the speedlings can surround the hellion ( thus preventing escape ) they are very effective at killing it . as day9 might say , “ [ hard counters ] deeply bother me . ” the magic box is a technique which gives mutalisks the advantage against thors . for a long time people considered thors to be the “hard counter” to mutalisks , and it’s not hard to see why . a thor costs 300 minerals and 200 gas , has a dps of 8 ( or 16 vs light , which mutalisks are ) and 400 hit points . since gas is often a limiting factor in building costs , conventional philosophy dictates that you could build 2 mutalisks for the same price ( 100 gas each ) , each doing 5.92 dps ( or 8.55 spread across three targets ) , and having 120 hit points . the armchair math is thus , 400 hp @ 8.55*2 dps vs 240 hp @ 16 dps . it’s not hard to see which will die first . what’s even worse , for the zerg player , thors do splash damage , and mutalisks have a tendency to bunch up ( as air units often do ) . as a result , a sufficient force of thors could wipe out a much larger force of mutalisks . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwvvpzgalnyfeature=player_embedded this sort of armchair theory crafting was debunked very early on . a good example of this can be found in day9 daily #125 . sen demonstrates that mutalisks build much faster and , with a little micro , can avoid most of the damage when there are few mutalisks . the problem with this approach is that in larger pushes , mass mutalisk was still very susceptible to thor heavy armies , as they require a lot of micro to reduce this damage ( the production difference also is minimized in larger pushes ) . that was until idra vs tarson . for a moment i’d like you to put yourself in gregory “idra” field’s shoes : after the early bracket play , you have just emerged the leader of your group only to struggle ( 3-2 ) in the quarter finals of the iem against a relatively unknown terran , sarens . a long time proponent of “tvz is imbalanced , ” you’re faced again in the semi-finals against another terran player , tarson . once again , you’re forced into your least favorite match up , where you constantly feel you have to outplay your opponent by a significant margin just to beat an “inferior” player . imagine how that must feel for you , once again to be face to face with an unfair system . right before the match , however , one of your friends and practice partners comes up to you saying , “i just had this crazy idea . remember how if you move , not attack move , with mutalisks , they stay spread out ? and it always makes them harder to micro with ? what if , and just thinking here , in muta vs thor , you don’t micro them into clusters ? ” you give him a funny look , why would you micro into clusters against thors ? “no , i mean you just move instead of attack moving , so your muta are already spread out . ” seeing your apprehension , he adds on , “i tried it last night , there is no splash . ” the conversation is cut short as you’re rushed on stage for your match , the words “no splash” ringing somewhere in the back of your head . somewhere during game 3 , you find yourself in just such a situation . tarson is pushing out with a heavy mech force backed up by a number of thors , and you see yourself with a muta heavy army . all of sudden those words echoing in the back of your head ring true . spreading out your units you use , what will be later known as , the magic box . the thors crumple under the weight of your mass mutalisks with only a single one dying , and every zerg player watching at home has the exact same reaction : “oh em gee ! ” it’s a story with a happy ending ( if you’re a zerg ) . idra would go on to win 3-1 vs tarson before losing to an unexpected build in the finals ( marrow’s 5 rax mass reapers ) , but those are just details . within hours , forums would be flooded with questions and experiments on the magic box . there are a couple good videos demonstrating its use , but i find the following to be the best : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvlv5rw5yngfeature=player_embedded
taken from this post on the yogscast forums , here are some , but probably not all , of the error codes found when connecting to servers . connection refused : connect there is no server online on the ip:port you put in . you are not whitelisted on this server you are not whitelisted on the server in question . user not premium " free " aka cracked minecraft clients do not pass the minecraft .netauthentication , if you want to play on the servers you have to buy the game . java . io . ioexception : server returned http response code : 503 server cannot confirm who you are with minecraft .netbecause minecraft .netis down , try again later . failed to login : bad login logging in too quickly after last attempt . this may also apply to when a non-vanilla client attempts to connect to a vanilla server ( or vice versa ) , but in this case generally indicates version number discrepancies . this may also occur with unequal vanilla version numbers , though this has almost been entirely replaced with the Outdated Server or Outdated Client error messages . end of stream server has stopped sending information back to the client . took to long to log in minecraft .netwas not responding so the server cannot authenticate you . outdated server ! if you use a pre-release version or a version that has just been released , servers are unlikely to support it until plugins have been updated for it . java .net. socketexception : connection reset either the server has shut down or is doing something very intensive , try logging in again later . this also occurs when the user 's internet connection dies or something in between the user and the server gets disconnected . it is basically a very broad and common tcp/ip error . it means that something has happened to disconnect the connection in an abrupt and unexpected way . outdated client ! you are connecting to a server on a newer version than the minecraft you are using , this either means you did not hit the update button or they are running a pre-release server . this server responded with an invalid server key this is actually a measure to stop an exploit with modified servers , but has a bug which causes it to have false positives in half of the connections . failed to check session lock , aborting you may only see this in the crash log . most likely , there is an active lock on part of the world ( either the terrain itself , or more likely an nbt saved element such as a player or chest ) that a third party editor has left locked ( or that you did not close ) . delete session.lock in the world save folder . the errors below this line can occur when logging into a server , but do not have to . java . lang . nullpointerexception this is not an error message , but rather a crash message . minecraft sometimes crashes on startup , even when you are playing vanilla . this typically means that one or more block ids conflict with each other . this normally occurs on heavily modded clients or modpacks , such as tekkit or feed the beast . runtimeexception : no opengl context found in the current thread . org . lwjgl . lwjglexception : pixel format not accelerated if the player is given this message when starting minecraft , it means that they do not have a graphics card that can handle minecraft . it could be as simple as updating graphics drivers , but this does not happen often .
i am pretty sure the boost is at its maximum potential the moment the power bar turns red . and even if there does happen to be a slight increase in speed , it is not significant enough to risk the many ( of which some will be inevitable ) backfiring boosts .
i do not know the exact formula , but the delay seems to increase by 5 seconds each time you die . it starts at 3 seconds and has a max of 28 . it does not seem to be affected by any other actions , and resets after 2 minutes .
calling them new missions is really a bit much . basically , dark mode adds three new sets of equipment - one in each act - consisting of armor , boots , gloves , pants , and a steel and silver sword . these items must be crafted - the recipes are purchased from a vendor at a very high price , and the materials lists are staggering - and are ' cursed ' - the swords will do damage to geralt when used unless the full set of matched equipment is worn . the ' quest ' aspect comes from a token journal entry added with each set which weaves together a legend associated with the three sets of gear . all of the information about the dark mode sets , including materials requirements , stats , crafting information and bonuses can be found on the wiki
yes , you can change the language . and yes , it downloads the extra files when you do ( after restarting the game client ) . i changed it to spanish ( i had it at 100% in english ) to try it for you and it is now updating . i really wish it would've warned me because now i have to wait for it to reach playable before i can re launch it and change it back . i hope this answer prevents someone from doing it without knowing it . luckily , reverting back to english did not download anything additional . if you want to change the language , you need to go to account , and then select the desired language . this changes all text and spoken dialog in the game .
currently ( 2013-04-01 ) the list of leagues is : bronze league : 8% of all players silver league : 20% of all players gold league : 32% of all players platinum league : 20% of all players diamond league : 18% of all players . master league : the best 2% of all players . it is impossible to qualify directly into this league . grand master : the top 200 players in a region . is created only after 2 weeks into a new season . players that are not active for a certain time get demoted to master . before you are placed in a league , you must play 5 placement matches against random opponents . after that , the game tracks your skill by assigning you a matchmaking rating ( mmr ) , which is not exactly your league points , but similar . different leagues correspond to different mmr ranges , and it is possible to be promoted or demoted , if your mmr stabilizes within another league 's range . after a season ends , all leagues are wiped , but mmr does not . to be placed in a new season , you have to play one placement match , which does not actually mean more than any other match - it is just there to filter inactive players from league rankings . skipping several seasons does reset your mmr . since some patch there is also a button to leave league - if you feel that your mmr is well in another league ( like if you are constantly encountering equal opponents from there ) , but a promotion just does not come , you can try to force it . note that this does not reset your mmr , of course . there is also a special , practice league . when you start playing on a new account , you are placed here , and can play fifty games here before your placement matches into " real " leagues ( you can leave whenever you want though ) . practive league matches are played on a special , more " noob-friendly " maps , that have destructible obstacles completely blocking bases off , eliminating early pressure . after you leave practice league , there is no way back ever . further reading : starcraft wikia
you do not receive experience for a missed shot . you do gain experience on every successful hit ( does not have to be enemy ! ) . the more damage you do , the more experience you gain . a kill also gives you a bit of experience bonus ( judging by how much the bar moves ) . the best part of leveling archery is that you do not have to hit an enemy to get experience , you can make target practice on your summoned minions , such as a familiar or zombie . just summon one , shoot at it , then repeat . there are also 3 archery trainers in skyrim that can improve your skill for gold : faendal in riverwood ( journeyman , level 0 - 50 ) . you can effectively train with faendal for free , if you gain him as a follower through the quest " a lovely letter " . aela the huntress in whiterun ( expert , level 0 - 75 ) . ( aela will only train you after you join the companions ) niruin in riften ( master , level 0 - 90 )
they can be found in chapter 5 , inside the house marked as 4 in this image : for snek : blow random hornes while you get a snail head . than blow the bottom horn while you get the complete creature . for zaba : blow random hornes while you get a frog head . than blow once the bottom horn and once the top horn . source : jayisgames . com walkthrough
there are only a few rules to the spawning of ores and minerals and so far elevation really is not coming into play . ore ( copper , iron , silver , gold ) can appear anywhere . silver and gold are very common on floating islands gems only seem appear in stone ( ive yet to see any cluster of minerals in dirt alone ) hellstone is found , oddly enough , in hell . ( could be considered elevation restriction ) metorite comes from meteors demonite comes from demons ( bosses ) . very small ( 2-4 blocks ) groups can be found anywhere underground . larger groups of demonite can be found in the corruption elevations do not seem to matter . i have found everything from copper to gold directly on or 1-2 layers of dirt below the surface of the map ( not depth level 0 , but the actual surface ) . i have also found minerals in stone out-cropings near the surface ( yet to find one actually on the surface but still above 0 depth according to a depth meter ) . it should be noted that all the minerals i have come across so far are on the edge of the stone veins , i am not suggesting coring through the middle of a large collection of stone looking for them . hope this helps edit : 1.1 - i am glad that raven dreamer commented as it gives me a point to comment on . the new 1.1 generation does seem to give depth an impact on ore generation now . i have only played on a handful of new worlds so far so do not feel i can overall change the information above but i have noticed that the size of the deposits of silver and gold appear more often and in larger quantities when i delve further down . and yes , a floating island is a good place to get a nice collection of ores ! : )
i do not know when this changed , but now you can download games to another drive with ease in 3 easy steps . open your steam settings , go to downloads + clouds and click on steam library folders click on add library folder and add a new folder on a different drive install the game , and right before change the folder you want to install it to added pictures for your comfort :
only 7 i believe . you get a spy when someone hits renaissance , and +1 spy every time you advance an era beyond renaissance . england gets +1 spy . building a national intelligence agency will give +1 spy . http://civilization.wikia.com/wiki/espionage_%28civ5%29
the question 's almost a year old , but i will take a shot at it in case someone comes looking in the future : in the original game and born of blood expansion , allocate all production to infrastructure until that is capped out . your industrial output is a percentage of the resource level of the planet equal to your infrastructure . at 50 infrastructure , you get half the resource value of the planet in industrial output . so , infrastructure first , then terraforming . you also get a production bonus for population , but by the time this makes a difference you will be past the colonization stage . in murder of crows and argos naval yard , your industrial output is still a percentage of your infrastructure level , except that it has an additional cap based on your population which is used if your population is too low . a planet with a hundred people ( instead of hundreds of millions ) will have basically no production even with 100 infrastructure , which is a major change from the original game . the formula is a little complex , so a good rule of thumb is to look at the industrial output of the planet . if it is lower than what you would expect from the infrastructure and resource levels , then your production is capped by lack of population . terraform first to help your population grow faster , which also has the benefit of reducing colony maintenance costs . as your industrial output approaches the point where you are capped by infrastructure instead of population , switch your production to infrastructure until it is complete and then finish terraforming . other good things to keep in mind when colonizing are to use a lot of colony ships ( 10-20 per planet is a good idea ) and to overharvest planets for a few turns after colonizing them . if you are overharvesting more than -10 resources per turn it is a good time to scale it back to normal production only so you do not hurt your long term productivity too much .
no , you cannot return to the original ' easy ' castle . however , if you find ng+ difficult : equip grace runes . grace runes lower the level of the monsters making them easier to kill . in the early levels of ng+ grace runes also turn the tier 2 enemies back into thier tier 1 form . this can effectively turn the castle back to it is ' easy ' form for a while .
i ended up just replaying the last part again and fallout decided to not be buggy and gave me the achievements .
these are all the ways to gain experience for enchanting : disenchanting items enchanting items using soulgems to recharge weapons ( soul siphon does not count ) personally the method i use is the one suggested in the wiki , which is to craft iron daggers , and then using petty soulgems to enchant them with a low level enchantment , and selling the daggers back to the shopkeeper . this allows you to improve three skills at the same time : smithing , enchanting , and speech . the amount you make selling the enchanted items offsets the cost of buying the materials . just grab/buy every low level soulgem you come across and you will level up enchanting in no time . having a soul trap weapon will make this process much easier .
experiment setup i moved my whole crew up to the front of the red-tail , and evacuated the back half of the ship , leaving oxygen in only the three front rooms . this reduced my oxygen total to 20% . then i closed doors and started timing every 10% increase . results first i closed all the doors . each 10% increase took 9.7 , 10.5 , 10.6 , 10.2 , 10.2 , 10.6 , 10.0 , and 10.6 seconds . so it is very slightly less than 1% per second ( 1% per 1.03 seconds or 0.97% per second , possibly from 0.96% per 1 second which is a common math error when programming a game that runs at 60hz ) . next , i closed only the outside doors , and opened all the inside ones . this took 66.3 seconds ( 8.2 ; 8.3 ; 8.3 ; 8.4 ; 8.2 ; 8.2 ; 8.3 , 8.4 ) . so oxygen does diffuse ( faster ? ) through open doors . the background of the previously pressured areas turned slightly pink . next , i opened all the doors between depressurized areas but left closed the doors in the front which were still pressured . 82.6 seconds , basically the same as my first test . finally , i depressurized only the back three rooms of the ship , turned off my o 2 generator , closed the outer doors , and opened all the inner ones . the three back rooms re-pressurized despite my generator being turned off until they equalized with the rest of the ship , which was also steadily losing oxygen ; eventually the whole ship depressurized . conclusions this behavior is explained by a model where the o 2 generator works by supplying a fixed amount of oxygen to each room per second , oxygen is naturally consumed slower than this replenishment , and oxygen diffuses only between open doors . this means if a room with a high oxygen level has an open connection to a room with a low oxygen level it is giving oxygen to that room and receiving replenishing oxygen from the generator nearly as fast as it is giving it up and the other room is receiving oxygen from the generator , resulting in overall faster replenishment . if the doors are closed the new oxygen in the already-pressurized room is just " wasted " . because the oxygen level required to keep your crew alive is fairly low it is often good to open doors to help re-pressurize areas faster assuming your oxygen generator is working . ftl 's model of oxygen seems to match our intuitions about how fixed volumes of gasses in an enclosed space work . one interesting prediction of this model is that a sufficiently long path length of rooms may make it possible to survive indefinitely with a working generator despite a door open to hard vacuum . i have been testing this prediction on the osprey for several minutes now , and it seems to be true . if i open the second door on the top left , the room mr buga and liam are in de-pressurizes . if i close it but leave the top one open , it re-pressurizes .
while javadocmd 's comment/answer may work . ( assuming you can have them kill it , if not you could still throw it in a deep pit . ) this would usually result in mutilating the corpse , or maybe your dwarves would bury it . the easiest and probably best way would be to train it as a war/hunting animal at the kennel . then it will show up in the animal list and can be butchered . as for why it will not normally show up , it is probably a bug related to the fact that you bought it .
a straight copy-paste of the whole installation folder should work . if you want to copy user-specific data as well , it should be in ( my ) documents/starcraft ii . blizzard is actually really good about making their installations copy/pastable . do not remember about the original starcraft , but warcraft iii , wow and sc2 can all be moved by just copy/paste on the whole installation directory . any registry stuff is recreated on the new machine if it does not already exist ( not sure if it is updated if there is an old installation )
no , it will not be stealing ( you can verify this by simply mousing over the horse - " steal horse " should not appear ) , and this " loss-of-ownership " has a tendency to happen a lot for random encounter npcs such as " hunter " and " poacher " . the one caveat is that such a claimed horse , though it will show up whenever you fast travel , shows a blatant disregard towards you as a potential owner , and upon dismounting , will immediately set foot for where you originally found them . " wild " horses like this are irksome to keep track of , and usually its better to just shell out the 1,000 septims for a mount who will not snub you every time you stop to enter a cave .
no , the items that you get are entirely random ( the item type is random , the number of affixes on an item is random to an extent , and the values of the affixes themselves are random within a given range for the item 's level ) . the only things that are set , as far as i know , are that higher-difficulty monsters ( e . g . champions/rares/bosses ) have a greater chance to drop higher-quality items as well as in greater numbers , and that certain tiers of items can only appear on nightmare , hell , or inferno difficulties . there are reports of people receiving legendary drops from plain old white-named enemies , so anything is possible . ( a little magic find does not hurt , either . : ) )
yes many power tools and special armor can be enchanted . this may not be working as intended , so keep in mind future patches and updates may remove your enchantments . use an anvil and an enchanted book of your requested effect , and voila ! , your new drill or chainsaw now has fortune i ! keep in mind that if you enchant an item that runs on an internal battery , and you allow that battery to run dry , the enchantment will be lost . i personally do this to my advanced diamond drill every game .
to reassign points to your powers , you will need to use the retrain powers upgrade in the research terminal , which can be found in the research lab on the second deck of the normandy . in the research terminal menu , it is located under the prototypes research category with the following description : advanced training allows shepard to re-allocate points to powers . no additional points are granted . shepard can complete this research project multiple times . each time the project is completed , all points spent in powers will be reset . access the squad menu to re-spend points immediately after completing this research project . this upgrade becomes available after you complete the mission on horizon , and costs 2500 element zero per use . as yx . mentions , you can also access this upgrade at the research terminal in the shadow broker base after completing the mission associated with the shadow broker dlc . the terminal will be to the right and up the stairs on subsequent revisits , and operates the same as the one on the normandy . mbraedley 's note in the comments is also correct . in the shadow broker 's base , to the left , you will find the advanced training* console . this console allows you to redistribute the ability points of your squadmates much like retrain powers can be used on shepard , at the cost of 1000 element zero a pop . *this terminal is somewhat confusingly named , given that shepard has his own advanced training option in the research terminal which performs a different function .
how long to beat has cross-platform averages for mass effect and mass effect 2 , shown below ( although i would i consider these to be a bit high , it is all very dependant on the player , obviously ) : main is the barebones main quests , no side missions etc , so is what you are asking for . however , main plus includes additional side missions , etc , so if you just play " normally " instead of speeding through ( and you should , a lot of me1 and me2 side mission results are carried forward to influence the later games so if your aim is to play the series it would be a waste to skip these ) then this is probably more representative of what you need .
i wondered this same thing for the longest time but i figured out the answer . you have 100.3% because on the level " mind the gap " there are 3 pieces of intel even though it only says there is 2 . so since you found the 3rd one it counts it as . 3% since it is not registered in the game . if you do not grab that one though you will not get the collect all 46 pieces of intel and you will only have 100% . it is just stupid that they put that 1 extra one in there without telling you it was on the level .
there are 19 for steam on windows/mac os ( 15 ( ? ) for xbox live arcade , different exclusives ) . the wikipedia page has a list of which characters are available on which platforms , and their origin . to quote : these characters can be unlocked by collecting enough bandages or completing certain warp zones . there is a fairly solid list of how to get pretty much everything here . summarised : to unlock on the character select screen , just type in the listed code on the selection screen which appears when choosing a stage . super tofu boy was put in following the peta incident . according to this , activating brownie on the character select screen requires an xbox 360 controller . teh internets chapter is also unlocked by collecting bandages ( 20x ) and is an online chapter which contains bonus levels .
as far as i know they are just used to " harvest civilians " , as in , blowing the civ ships up and taking them as prisoners . this will of course lower your rating with the civ 's in that sector .
in my experience non-bluetooth keyboards are barely good enough for typing much less games . ; - ) the apple wireless keyboard ( which is bluetooth ) is good enough for portal . i am waiting on l4d2 to come out to be able to test it on a proper fps environment . the apple " mighty mouse " however sucks for portal because the right click is not sensitive enough . edit : after playing l4d2 on the mac for two days i can say the mac wireless keyboard is fine for fps games .
you unfortunately can not change your appearance mid-game ( not without a belt-sander . . . . ) , though you can change your imported character 's appearance when you import your character . this can only be done at the start of the game . there are some unoffical projects that are trying/planned to edit me3 save files like this one but as of yet you can not edit mass effect 3 save data . give it some time and this may change however , the game has not even been out a week and the save data is very complex .
i acknowledge the desire to pinpoint specific strategies , but such strategies are not the key differentiation between a good 1v1 player and a good 2v2 player . most of the other answers on this question have touched upon this point to varying degrees : at the end of the day , the strategies used are the same ( rushes , early expanding , building a defense at a choke point that guards two bases , flank attacks , etc ) . the key difference is that you have the benefit of delegating your attention to only part of your army while your teammate covers the other part . starcraft 2 is balanced for 1v1 play . what that means is that the goal is to make 1v1 about the skill of the players . sure , each race has their advantages and disadvantages , and map features have quirks that may more easily be exploitable by one race as opposed to another , but overall 1v1 is about pure starcraft 2 skill . to be the best , you have to understand the ins and outs of both your race and the other races ( including build orders and typical strategies ) . 2v2 is different . sure , two very skilled players should do well in theory . in practice , they only do well if they coordinate their efforts . in 2v2 , a coordinated effort can break down a non-coordinated effort by skilled players fairly easily . while some people would argue that it is basically a 1v1 game with an early expansion , it is the fact that another person can notice and respond to situations , coordinate efforts , and act autonomously of your own ability to command as many units that is the hallmark difference in 2v2 play . using that to your advantage will prove to be the largest contributor to the success of a 2v2 game where each player understands the mechanics of 1v1 . consider a scenario where a 2-player zerg team decides to 6-pool one of the two people on the other team . unless there is a shared defense , they will destroy the other player more often than not . in this case , the typical response is , if possible , a base-trade . if the teammate of the victim has enough of an army out , they can rush one of the two opponents in response and knock the game down to a 1v1 . otherwise , it is pretty much " game over , man " . in 2v2 , it is much easier to execute more elaborate strategies if you are coordinating with another person . you could take your army and half of theirs and launch a main attack ( or a feint ) while your teammate flanks the enemy from another angle . skill plays a lower role in 2v2 games . this is one of the reasons you do not see as many high-level 2v2 games or strategies being developed . cheese play tends to be enough of a strategy at times , and if you cheese the game down to a 2v1 , you can get ranked pretty high without needing the encyclopedic knowledge of the game that would be necessary in 1v1 . the result is that less effort is spent developing detailed 2v2 strategies as they are not in as high a demand as detailed 1v1 strategies . another aspect of 2v2 games is that they tend to be played by people who are not as confident about their skill level . they tend to be a bit defensive and rely a bit too much on their partner to bolster a mutual defense or army . this can be exploited easily with a well-executed rush strategy as described earlier . unless the rush strategy is going against a shared and uber solid defense , it will typically do enough damage to be worth the attack . if you do go up against the uber defense ( and you have scouted properly ) , then the economy has likely been spent on buildings or units that are less useful for an offense . this give you an opportunity to expand and eventually overwhelm your turtling opponents . in short , if you are good at 2v2 , it does not mean you will be met with the same success in 1v1 . if you are awesome at 1v1 and can coordinate with an equally skilled person in 2v2 , you will have a pretty solid 2v2 team . you might even win more often than not if you get cheesed and your teammate is taken out , but the fact remains that you will not be as invincible as you are in 1v1 , and it is not because of your strategy . it is because , if you do not coordinate with your teammate , your opponent can exploit that and temporarily turn the game into a 2v1 battle for just enough time to cripple your team . that gets them ahead , which helps them to get " more ahead " ( which is the key to winning any sc2 match ) .
i figured it out . when you block select something , there is an option select chuncks . so i just selected a few blocks on each chunck , hit select chuncks , and then exported . when you import , there is another crucial option align chuncks , that will make placing it correctly very easy .
durability is the current condition of your armor or weapon . the number can be found in the bottom right corner of an item description , reading x/y , where x is the current and y is the maximum . when this number reaches zero , your item breaks , causing you to lose any bonuses or visual effects said item may have given . until you repair it , that is . the only time the durability has any effect on the stats from the item is when the item is fully broken ( at 0 durability ) . until that time , you will still reap the full benefits of that item . the main benefit to keeping everything fully repaired is that you can quest for extensive periods of time without worrying about any of your gear breaking . it can also help you during boss battles when in a group , as it gives you some leeway in the number of deaths you can handle before your equipment is completely ruined during that fight . generally , i make it a habit to check my need for repairs upon every visit to town . the sooner you repair an item , the less costly it will be to both your wallet , and your life .
yes it is possible to finish the game on inferno without using the auction houses , but it will take a lot of farming to get it done . in inferno only 41.3%-65.1% ( depending on act you are in ) of the gear that drops will be ilvl 61-63 and even less of that gear will actually be useful . so the time it will take to gather the gear needed to progress through inferno without using the auction house would be rather large and i would definitely recommend at least using the gold auction house , unless you got an excessive amount of free time for farming gear .
no , it is not always possible . usually some items stick around with a 0×0 hitbox thus preventing you from bringing the page down to the bare background . you will know you have gone as far as you can when holding the b button shows no blinking targets . one such site , for example , is the ( classic ) twitter profile page .
most items have a set number -- before the scout update introduced the sandman , no item went higher than level 10 . about the time of the spy / sniper update , there was a glitch in the random drop system , and normal weapons ( that usually have a fixed level number ) were generated with a random level between one and one hundred . this has since been fixed , so if you see , to use one of my own items for example , a level 56 dead ringer , that means the item is very old . ( and now with the latest patch , you will never see a non-vintage oddly leveled item ) on the other hand , hats will always have a random level . this means nothing , but certain levels are certainly more valuable for trading , for pure sentimental value . ( 1 , 100 , 69 , 42 , etc . ) the singular exception to all of the above is the new dueling badge medal misc item , which actually " levels up " as you kill folks during your duels . a level 100 dueling badge works out to 1000 kills ( might be off a factor of ten ) during duels , and likewise the rarity of the badge itself ( bronze , silver , gold , platinum ) is based on level increment . 0-25,26-50,51-75,76-99,100 , etc . in no case does the level of an item have any effect on gameplay .
to access the last charm/intimidate you must have attempted to influence tim in each of the 6 previous conversations with him : once each on mars , thessia , and chronos station , and 3 times in the final confrontation . whether the choices were paragon or renegade does not matter , as long as they were not neutral . all of those dialogue choices are hidden behind a left-side " investigate " choice , so it is possible that you missed one of them . source for what it is worth .
from this walkthrough : you get a " who cares " button that has absolutely no use in the game . the ticket also appears to have no in-game use whatsoever .
when you enter the vents , you will see an alien scurrying across the t-junction in front of you , running of to your right ; follow it to the right . you will see it again at the end , darting around the corner to the left . follow it , and then a pipe will explode and start spouting flames ; you will see the alien dart out of sight on the other side of the flames . backtrack from there until you find an intersection that you had passed , leading off to your right ( was your left when you first passed it ) ; take that , and it will lead you quite conveniently past the fire , and then you will head up a ramp . from there , i do not remember if there is a grate or not , but i am pretty sure there is no ladder around . if there is a grate , either mouse click to punch it into oblivion , or space to sort of cinematically tear it asunder . that should get you on track again . if you are still having trouble with this , i will load up the game when i get home and run through that part again , then update my answer with a clearer walkthrough of this portion . duke nukem is definitely what i call a " railroad " game -- there is precisely one path to get you from a to b , and there is no room to deviate from that path in the slightest . this gives you an invaluable rule of thumb : if you get stuck at a dead end , backtrack until you find the route you were supposed to take initially ; in other words , even if there is an enticing ladder on the other side of the grate , if you can not easily figure out how to get past the grate , you are probably supposed to go a different route anyway .
yes . if you talk to him on the holidays for your region of the game he will have special things to say . the achievement for doing so is the storyteller achievement . the sionis industries calendar next to his cell ( also a riddler puzzle solution ) will have the dates circled . after speaking to him and reloading the area , the month will be marked off on the calendar . the first one to come up is halloween on october 31 st . storyteller
it goes like explained in these this answer , using a stack to decide which goes first . p2 plays Mind Control Tech , it goes on the stack . p1 Mirror Entity triggers , it goes on the stack . nothing else happens ( no more secrets on p1 side ) after so the things on the stack are " popped " out . p1 Mirror Entity resolves first , and since Mirror Entity created minions don't activate their Battle Cry as rai zarek commented , even with 8 minions on p2 side , p1 will not get any . p2 Mind Control Tech resolves , the minion is put into play , its battlecry effect goes on the stack and happens right away as nothing happens after the minion gets on the field , and take control of one of the 4 minions of p1 .
this is not a problem per se -- it is a feature ! it is built in protection in minecraft 's multiplayer to hinder attempts at griefing . so no need to panic ! your minecraft is running perfectly fine ! you may just want to play out and buildings or structures some distance away from your spawn so as not to run into any troubles when you are trying to build stuff .
since 1.03 hit , i’ve been doing this particular elite run . since elite packs now guarantee a rare when you have full valor , wasting five stacks of nephalem valor and repeating a butcher run is simply not as efficient as pre-1.03 . act 1 is especially great , because there are relatively small areas with concentrated and guaranteed numbers of elites . my runs normally culminate in the killing of the warden and butcher . the places i go are : the watchtower ( 1-5 elites ) the festering woods ( 2-4 elites ) leoric’s manor ( and courtyard ) ( 1-2 elites ) cemetery of the forsaken ( and the defiled crypts ) ( 3-4 elites , sidequest ) halls of agony ( lvl 2 , 3 ) ( 2-6 elites ) cursed hold ( 1-5 elites , warden ) highlands passage chamber of suffering ( butcher ) remember that added movespeed can add a lot to the speed of your runs . video with some additional info about efficiency of runs : ( sorry i am not sure how to embed on this site ) source .
when i was searching for an enchant i needed , i did the following . check riverwood blacksmith for enchantment . fast travel to whiterun stables , rest until afternoon when the kajiit vendor is outside the walls , and check for the enchantment . fast travel to whiterun and check the blacksmith for the enchantment . fast travel to each imperial/stormcloak camp i had access to and checked their blacksmiths for the enchantment . fast travel back to riverwood . wait ( rest ) for two 24-hour periods . repeat the whole process as necessary . alternatively , you could sit at one vendor , check what they are selling , then just wait two 24-hour periods and check again . sometimes it can take a while . i think some enchantments might not show up until you reach a certain level . i have a level 41 and he has not seen the fiery soul trap enchantment yet . depending on the enchant , make sure you have a couple thousand septim or you might end up doing all the waiting and finding you do not have the cash to get the item with the enchant you desire . for the enchant you specifically mention . . . you might want to try the quest jonathan drain mentioned in his post .
it appears water does not stop logs from catching fire , as they caught fire in all of these configurations ( i lit the netherrack blocks on fire for all the tests ) . water underneath : water on the sides : mixture of configuration 1 and 2: water flowing right to the logs :
you have to wallrun up the wall on the left ( in screenshot ) and jump back to hang on to the pipes . to understand better watch this video at 5:40
you can share accounts by logging onto their device , and authorizing it . once you have done that they can play on your library . if you are talking about people in long-distance you will have to use a vnc to access their computer in order to sign-in and authorize their device . i highly recommend only doing this with people you trust . you can cancel the authorization at any time . laptop example : i authorized my laptop so people could access my library on it if they logged onto their accounts . multiple-authorization example : if three of my friends authorize their accounts on my laptop i will be able to access their libraries . keep in mind though that only one person can play any library at any given time . however if it is your own library you want to access you can kick the person who is currently using it out in order to play on it . it is still in beta so i cannot say for certain but as it stands right now no . there have been a number of complaints petitions about this because people do not like the idea of having to travel far in order to grant access to their library to a friend . the only solution for long-distance seems to be using a vnc to access their computer remotely . @vartec it is official that there is not , but we will not know whether it will change until the feature is fully released . see http://steamcommunity.com/groups/familysharing/discussions/0/846964363934331891/
there is always a chance that a generated pokemon will be shiny . so yes a ' starter ' starter pokemon can be shiny with the same 1 in 8192 chance as usual . but if you want a shiny you are much better off trying to get a female and breeding it later . you get the day-care very soon after the first badge so you are no longer halfway through the game before you can breed a pokemon you want .
herobrine was never real . he was the subject of a fake lp on youtube . but if you really want herobrine in your game , there are herobrine mods you can try .
you are not crazy . it does not work for a ton of people . and it is infuriating , because the test clearly indicates that the game can access your machine 's mic and pick up sound .
your teammate is trying to signal you to go to their location . just fly in the direction of the flashing name to go to where they want you to go . if you want to do this yourself , you need to use the z key . tap z to request your teammate ( s ) to go your location . double-tap z to drop a beacon and request your teammates to go there . the dropped beacon model can also be seen by your enemy . source
kudos and diamonds are the two different currencies of airmech used for buying things in the game . kudos kudos ( ) is the main currency of the game . it is earned by completing a game it is used to buy functional items in the game and some ( very few ) cosmetic items . anything bought with kudos can also be bought with diamonds . diamonds diamonds ( ) are the premium currency of the game ( bought with real money ) . it can be earned by paying money or by the completion of certain quests ( usually vip only ) . there are many other ways to earn diamonds through various in-game events . diamonds can be used to buy ( almost ) anything in the game including cosmetic items .
if you are looking for something that has the functionality like the platforms , where you can optionally go through them or up them , then that is not possible to make in a staircase . with the changes in 1.2 though , everything should be able to walk up and down a 1 to 1 elevation change . so you can just make a tile of blocks that anyone can walk up and down . you can even use the hammer to make it look like a slope if you wanted , but this is optional and up to your taste in how you want it to appear . edit : interesting bit of new information from playing . you can place down ingots of different metals and these act as a background as well as a foreground . how the ai will deal with them is a bit odd so far and i have not been able to rigorously test this , but these give you a set of stairs you can jump and land on or just simply walk past them . this may be a solution to your problem . i will update with more exact information as i find it , but it is a tentative third option .
first possibility : i suspect your house is too large . housing requirements have changed since 1.1 ( here 's a link to an outdated article on housing at the terraria wiki ) . as of 1.1 , a house needed to be a minimum of 60 tiles and a max of 750 ( in addition to the other considerations ) . this is an excellent guide to housing from the terraria forums , which is up to date through 1.2 . it does not , however , list any hard and fast maximum sizes ( it is worth noting that the minimum size in 1.2 is much smaller than the 60 from 1.1 ) . you can do some experimentation to get an idea of how much room you have to work with . try adding a ceiling somewhere below your actual ceiling , and then check the validity . if you are invalid , move down ( contrary-wise , if you start low and are valid , move up ) . wherever you settle on for the location of the " middle " ceiling , you can probably make part of it a platform and wind up with 2 valid housing sections . edit ( as asker edited after i posted this ) : the corruption issue : i see you have built out of spooky wood and demonite brick ( good to know ! ) . it is true that in 1.1 your house 's " corruption score " had to be &lt ; 250 to be valid ( with each " corrupt " block in a 45 block radius counting as 1 score ) . it is not currently known if this has changed in 1.2 . there is no evidence that spooky wood counts as corrupt so far . i will test demonite when i get home , however in 1.1 ebonstone brick ( regular ebonstone does ; i suspect demonite brick is safe ) did not add to corruption score .
at the moment , you cannot do this except for every single song with the riff repeater .
if a steam game supports steam cloud , savegames are automatically synced with steam servers and are available on other computers if you log in with your steam account . it does not necessarily store all your savegames , e.g. with civilization v you have 10 savegame slots on steam cloud , so when you save a game you have to choose to save there , else the savegame will only be local . you can use this search to find a list of steam cloud games . for games that do not support this you could try synchronization with online storage providers like dropbox , i never tried this myself but it should be possible . most games have their savegame data somewhere in you personal home directory , often inside the " my games " folder .
check the civilizations screen ( default : c ) to see if there is a dwarf civ nearby . according to this , you may be the last of your people .
take the trade route between te-moak and milan . it is earning me 19.8 gold , and it is earning milan 1 gold . if you hover the city names you can see an exact breakdown of how this is earned and how it is divided between the two parties .
i think there are a couple key ideas that help for transitioning orbits . first , the path visualization is very useful to have on . on the orbiting levels , i tend to eject material only forward and reverse of my direction ( except for emergency/panic maneuvers ) . i think that is the most efficient way to increase/reduce the size of one 's orbit . also , it is usually easier to increase the size of the orbit than reduce it . the best way i have found is to break out of your current orbit in an arc that intersects where the next attractor will be . when you get close , decelerate enough to prevent hitting the wall . stabilize your orbit .
from uesp wiki , " skyrim - marriage " article : steps to re-marry / divorce using console commands ( pc only ) : select spouse . enter the following console commands : removefac 51596 player.removefac C6472 resetquest 74793 resetquest 21382 setstage 74793 10 wait for 24 hours . then proceed to marry as normal . from tes wiki , " marriage - divorce ( pc ) " article : trying to breakup with partners is , for some reason , impossible without the console . searching for help " breakup " 4 will bring up dialogue and quests that show reference to what must have been the original intention of breaking up with a spouse . option one the relationshipbreakup quest can be used . use the console to enter these commands : completequest 0007431B resetquest 0007431B resetquest 00021382 ( this is just formality to reset the " marriage " quest . ) the above will prevent the player from having to kill his spouse , although they will comment on how much even the thought of him makes their blood boil . untested , but possibly setrelationshiprank player 4 can fix this option two the spouse must be killed the console command Setstage RelationshipMarriage 10 must then be used the console commands resurrect should next be used on the ex-spouse ( and eventually the command setrelationshiprank player 4 on him/her to keep the relationship status obtained with the npc related quests ) the old amulet of mara does not need to be dropped or sold . option three the amulet of mara necklace must be retained , or another one must be found . any wanted items should be taken from the current spouse before starting this process . the following commands must be used , after targeting the spouse : removefac 51596 player.removefac C6472 resetquest 74793 resetquest 21382 setstage 74793 10 the old spouse will immediately exit the house and return to their regular location . 24 hours must be waited .
you do not need new hardware , just software . there are plenty of free screen capturing softwares on the web . try sorting through here : http://techie-buzz.com/softwares/top-free-screen-recorders-to-record-your-screen-activities.html . should be a good start .
eventually it worked after i kept deleting the corrupted data and retrying . still disappointing .
i suspect that there is a maximum of 152 floors in tiny tower . this is because there are ( as of v1.5 ) 57 different residential floors + 95 commercial floors . every time i build a new floor , i get a residential or commercial floor that i do not already have .
yes , he can . he will walk up to vladimir lem if you succeed . but vlad will not notice this and still only say " my hero " . no bonus , but you will meet him a second time . this time as an enemy and he will taunt you through the microphone . so in retrospect , best course of action is shooting him in the back to get his kalashnikov ; - )
i highly recommend the templar for the resource regeneration . crusaders have relatively slow attacks and a lot of trouble gaining wrath regularly . having the resource generation helps a lot . in general i prefer the templar for almost any class for the regen ( 4k at level 70 ) and healing ( almost equivalent to a potion ) . as an added bonus , both you and the templar uses strength as a main stat so its pretty easy to get gear for him .
so the first problem you have is that these are the units you have listed : marine marauder medivac siege tank if i were to present a different list of units you might say zerg is unbeatable : ultralisk corruptor crackling broodlord so instead of trying to deal with everything a terran player might do , let 's break biomech down into stages and look at what you can do at each stage . 3 rax biomech usually starts as a 3 rax opening ( though it can starts a 5 rax reapers , or early hellion harassment ) . so your early game should largely be based around dealing with marine/marauder forces . there are a number of good strategies to dealing with mm , but the most effective is usually banelings . banelings do a very heavy amount of splash damage and since mm tend to ball to form the best fighting force , banelings are very effective against them . i have discussed baneling use at length , but even with them you will need something to back up your banelings . usually this means roaches or speedlings . as banelings will destroy most of his force you are using these troops to mop up and possibly go on the offensive . alternately , if you want to skip banelings and go for early lair , a hydra/speedling force can be every effective if you can flank . this usually involved engaging at a choke ( where your hydra have better surface area ) and running speedlings around the back of his troops to prevent escape . good terran players have a " feel " for the timing on a marauder reload and can usually micro marauders without any damage loss . this is why its so important to get the speedlings behind the mm ball . mmm the natural progression of 3 rax is into mmm . the reason for this is that stim is a very dangerous tool and if your opponent forces you to stim at the wrong time , that is a good chunk of hp missing ( especially from the high dps marines ) . medivac 's largely deal with this problem and increase the effectiveness of stim . since stim is so powerful you will almost immediately feel when this is happening . you deal with an mmm much the way you deal with an mm force , there is little difference here . it does become worth starting to get roaches as a meat shield , and i cannot overstate how effective infestors can be at this stage . infestors not only do heavy damage to bunched units , but will also prevent his stimmed army from getting away from your slower roach/hydra . the other thing to watch for is try to engage on creep . since he will be using stim more liberally , you do not want your units getting kited . early tank if your opponent sees a lot of banelings he may instead go early siege tanks instead of medivacs . if you force your opponent to do this , there is a good chance you can pull out a win . since this is the time he is largely switching from 1 base to 2 base his production will not be in place to support a mmtank build . as a result he is going to cut production on something , usually marauders . depending on what this something is , you can exploit this for a much easier win . if he cuts production on marauders , then you can flood him with roaches . if he cuts marines , speedlings or doom drops will spell the end for him ( as his army will be tiny ) . early tanks are usually a knee jerk reaction to damage by banelings . as a result , about 75% of the time you should be able to roll him as his strategy will be in disarray . the remaining 25% , stay calm , scout him , and look for what you can exploit . biomech eventually he will transition from early tank or mmm into biomech . by now you are getting into late game and will have tier 3 units at your disposal . if you are playing well you should be sitting on 4 bases to his 2 , and this will be a piece of cake . since you asked this question i am guessing you are not playing well at this point , which usually means 3 bases to his 2 . if you find yourself in a situation of 2 of your bases to 2/3 of his , you need to seriously reconsider when to expand . at this point you want to start transitioning into your end game strategy . usually this means : ultralisk/crackling , or corruptor/broodlord/roach , or some combination of end game units . the end game part is key . if you find yourself against a large mmm ball supported by tanks and you are still running around with baneling/roach , you have essentially forgotten to tech while your opponent has not . to this end : siege tanks die quickly to ultras , biomech has a lot of trouble with broodlords , etc . now if he rushes biomech and cuts production of his army , there is a chance you could see 1-2 tanks/1-2 medivac/a handful of marines . this means he is overspent on tech and you can exploit this for victory . in a situation like this , i can not over state the effectiveness of speedling/baneling . if you get those banelings in there it'll clean his marines , and your speedlings will mop up . since his teching means he does not have a ton of infantry building structures ( and other units take much longer to build ) , you should be able to get your speedlings from the battle , into his mineral line very quickly . a 1:1:1 opening can be effective against zerg , but if he is using it to go biomech he is throwing that effectiveness away ( as opposed to going viking/hellion harass ) . remember , no man can do all things so do not worry so much about how to counter a , b , c , d and worry more about , how do i use what i have to deal with what he has .
there are an infinite numbers of dragons in skyrim , since most of them respawn , like other creatures . the number of named " main " dragons are fixed though , though and they are listed in the uesp wiki " dragon " article . there are more info regarding dragons at the same uesp wiki article .
werewolves pros immunity to disease ( human form ) max health increase ( 100 points ) max stamina increase ( 100 points ) increased speed ( faster than horses ) wolves treat you as an ally any crimes you commit as a werewolf do not add to your bounty as a human increased melee damage improved dexterity ( jump a lot farther ) special abilities called howls fear to enemies level 25 and below for 30 seconds detects life in a large area around your character for 60 seconds summons two wolves to fight with you ; you get these howls through companion quests cons you cannot receive a bonus from being rested while in human form , and while you are in werewolf form : you cannot pick up any items ( this includes looting corpses ) all human form powers , weapons , and armor are unusable in werewolf form and vice versa you cannot talk citizens are scared of you ( they either flee or attack you on sight ) if anyone sees you transform it is considered a major crime . vampires pros immunity to disease immunity to poison illusion spells do more damage ( 25% ) you are harder to detect ( only while sneaking ; 25% ) resistance to frost ( 25% multiplied by the stage you are at ) there are an array of new vampire powers vampire 's sight allows you to see in dark environments vampiric drain saps life from your opponent ( damage=stage+1 ) vampire 's servant allows you to reanimate a creature for 60 seconds ( the higher the stage the stronger the creatures/people you can reanimate ) vampire 's seduction keeps level 8 and lower enemies from fighting and fleeing embrace of shadows allows you to turn invisible for 180 seconds ) . cons people hate you when you are in stage 4 and will attack you when outdoors during the day health , magicka , and stamina are all decreased and do not regenerate ( 15 multiplied by the stage ) weakness to fire 25% multiplied by the stage you will need to feed on humans to keep on a low stage otherwise you cannot interact with humans ( this leads to making your own weapons , armor , and potions ) skyrim 's dawnguard dlc you have the upgraded powers of a vampire lord to bring into battle . werewolves have been buffed slightly too , enabling you to unlock new abilities and upgrade those that you already have . added 2 skill trees vampire lord skill tree werewolf skill tree these perks can only be unlocked through special means - namely , feeding on corpses as a vampire or werewolf . vampire lord skill tree power of the grave - 50 point bonus to health , magicka and stamina as vampire lord detect all creatures - night power : detect all creatures , even dwarven automatons . requires power of the grave . mist form - night power : transform into an invulnerable mist , while health , magicka and stamina regenerate . requires detect all creatures . supernatural reflexes - night power : everything slows down while you move faster . requires mist form . vampiric grip - blood magic : can pull a creature to your from a distance , and do choking damage once it is close . requires power of the grave . summon gargoyle - blood magic : can conjure a gargoyle to fight for you . requires vampiric grip . corpse curse - blood magic : target is paralysed . requires summon gargoyle . blood healing - killing a person with a power attack bite restores all your health . requires power of the grave . unearthly will - night powers and blood magic cost 33% less . requires power of the grave . poison talons - melee attacks do 20 points of poison damage . requires either blood healing or unearthly will . night cloak - in combat you are surrounded by a cloud of bats that feed on enemies within melee range . werewolf skill tree bestial strength - do 25% more damage as a werewolf . has four upgrade possibilities . totem of ice brothers - werewolf totem of brotherhood howl now calls ice wolves . requires bestial strength . totem of the moon - werewolf totem of brotherhood howl now calls werewolves . requires totem of ice brothers . totem of the predator - werewolf totem of the hunt howl has extended range and sows whether targets are not in combat , searching or actively in combat . requires bestial strength . totem of terror - howl of terror affects even higher level creatures . requires bestial strength . animal vigor - 100 point bonus to health and stamina in beast form . requires bestial strength . gorging - feeding heals twice as much health . requires animal vigor . savage feeding - able to feed off most dead creatures . feeding off creatures instead of people only provides half the extended time . sources : http://zzbrent.hubpages.com/hub/elder-scrolls-v-skyrim-werewolf-or-vampire http://www.nowgamer.com/cheats/skyrim-cheats/1452424/skyrim_dawnguard_dlc_guide_vampire_lord_werewolf_skill_trees.html
archon converts all your damage to arcane , including the elemental damage . the dps increase is actually quite easy to calculate . take your listed dps , multiply it by 3x for archon beam damage , or multiply it by 3.75 for improved archon beam damage .
in order to maximize the strength of your potions , make sure you have all alchemy and enchanting related perks and 100 in alchemy and enchanting . they even mention this in the source you link : level 100 alchemy ( 5 x alchemy , physician , benefactor : 7 perks )
according to this forum post and my own experience , they are located as follows : judge of character fuad 's journal - in the random location fuad 's cellar in howling plateau , kill the unique enemy fuad and he drops this . zoltun kulle - in the hidden camp , once you begin betrayer of the horadrim , it will be on the ground beside adria . the musings of sardar - in the random location tomb of sardar in the dahlgur oasis . the promises of fezuul al-kazaar - kill the unique grotesque fezuul that spawns at a randomly occurring puddle of water with a number of bones in the dahlgur oasis . it spawns after you kill the skeletons that will spawn upon investigating the bones . eirena 's journal - eirena , after the conversation eirena 's journey available throughout act ii so long as eirena has been out of the party at least once . iron wolf captain 's journal - on the northern part of alcarnus , you will find the iron wolf 's captain 's corpse which will drop this journal . the legend of zei the trickster - shen , after his conversation a case of mistaken identity which is available from the start of act ii . kala 's poem - kala ( north side of hidden camp ) , after her conversation noble dreams from the end of betrayer of the horadrim and during the quest blood and sand . the last will of khan dakab - in the random location tomb of khan dakab in the dahlgur oasis . larra 's diary - in a random deserted cellar with the merchant larra in black canyon mines after you talk to the merchant larra who appears there . ( seems to be always the northern cellar ) kulle 's journal part 1 - at the end of vault of the assassin . kulle 's journal part 2 - at the start of cave of the betrayer level 1 . kulle 's journal part 3 - at the end of cave of the betrayer level 2 . kulle 's journal part 4 - drops from the defeated zoltun kulle in archives of zoltun kulle . leah 's journal ( 8-12 ) - right side of the hidden camp during major missions . certain ones are available during certain quests . . part 8 . during shadows in the desert . part 9 . during the road to alcarnus ( from find the khasim outpost ) and city of blood . part 10 . during unexpected allies and betrayer of the horadrim . part 11 . during blood and sand and the black soulstone . part 12 . during the scouring of caldeum until the end of act ii . the seven lords of hell , belial the lord of lies , azmodan the lord of sin , diablo the lord of terror , andarial the maiden of angish , duriel the lord of pain , mephisto the lord of hatred , and baal the lord of destruction - cain 's lost satchels throughout the act . the books are sequenced and it does not matter where you pick them up . i just did a playthrough of act ii and i have seen them in : near the ceremonial circle in secret altar ( howling plateau ) , south of the khasim outpost waypoint , the random dungeon the ruins levels 1 and 2 ( stinging winds ) , the crumbling vault ( and vault treasure room ) ( stinging winds ) , south of the road to alcarnus waypoint , north west of the merchant in flooded causeway , ruined cistern , east of path to the oasis waypoint , the forgotten ruins , vault of the assassin . i also recall finding them in some of the non-cave ( in appearance ) dungeons during previous playthroughs such as : chamber of the lost idol ( stinging winds ) , tomb of sardar ( dahlgur oasis ) , the tomb of khan dakab ( dahlgur oasis ) . a love letter - dahlgur oasis , keepsake box necromancer 's log - stinging winds in a random event location , after you complete the event the restless sands , mehtan the necromancer will drop this . the imperial guard 's orders - from an encounter in dahlgur oasis or one of its cellars . crumbling journal - you collect this from skeletal remains in desolate sands . poltahr 's notes - in the random location chamber of the lost idol in stinging winds . the ancient portal device - beside the ancient device that can randomly be found in desolate sands . blackened journal - from a charred iron wolf corpse on the west side of the caldeum bazaar that can be found during the scouring of caldeum . a servant 's journal - from a crumpled corpse on the north side of the caldeum bazaar until the quest unexpected allies . historian of caldeum the desert aqueducts part 1 and part 2 - in western channel and eastern channel of the hidden aqueducts . these are sequenced so it does not matter which satchel you find first or if you find the same one twice . an abridged history of caldeum ( 6 ) - searing sands inn in the caldeum bazaar . these books become available as you complete the main quests . if you miss any , they will all be included with the drop of the next one you collect . part 1: from the start of act ii onwards . part 2: from the road to alcarnus objective find khasim outpost onwards . part 3: from a royal audience onwards . part 4: from unexpected allies onwards . part 5: from betrayer of the horadrim onwards . part 6: from the black soulstone onwards . the dahlgur oasis - dahlgur oasis , keepsake box . on the desolate sands ( 3 ) - desolate sands , traveler 's pouches . these are sequenced so you will always get these in order . the chamber of faces - dahlgur oasis , right outside the random location tomb of khan dakab . eavesdropper guard 's orders - imperial guard supplies in khasim outpost . proclamation from the imperial guard - in the south of the caldeum bazaar , just outside of the hidden camp entrance during a royal audience . missive to maghda part 1 - tortured cultist courier at the back of the secret conclave in howling plateau and/or sandy cellar in alcarnus . missive to maghda part 2 - tortured coven minion alcarnus , just south of maghda 's lair . deciever 's orders part 1 - envoy of belial found in the sewers of caldeum . deciever 's orders part 2 - envoy of belial found in dahlgur oasis . deciever 's orders part 3 - envoy of belial found in desolate sands . the feared hero - stinging winds , random spawn of a cultist camp after the khasim outpost . hunter 's journal part 1 - at the start of the forgotten ruins . hunter 's journal part 2 - hidden aqueducts ( western and/or eastern channel ) hunter 's journal part 3 - beside the entrance to archives of zoltun kulle in desolate sands . hunter 's journal part 4 - beside the shadow lock in the storm halls in archives of zoltun kulle . hunter 's journal part 5 - beside the shadow lock in the unknown depths in archives of zoltun kulle . hunter 's journal part 6 - drops from the guardian in the forgotten ruins that spawns after recovering the head of zoltun kulle .
you have switched yourself into adventure mode rather than survival mode . adventure mode is like survival mode , except that it does not allow breaking blocks without the specific tools , thus , for example , preventing the player from digging around puzzle areas in custom maps . the command for survival mode is /gamemode 0 ( 1 is creative , 2 is adventure ) .
you are only able to have one ordinance active at a time ( which i believe isabelle states when you unlock the ability ) . they cost 20,000 bells to enact , and they do not go into effect until the day after you enact them .
this link has some pretty good information on ' perfect fruits ' . it looks like when you plant a ' perfect fruit ' tree you get a random amount of shakes before it dies . it would be pointless to not plant/shake the tree when you have them available . you should always have some perfect fruits on hand for when your ' perfect fruit ' trees die . sidenote from the site : perfect fruits sold in towns that the fruit is not native nets you 3000 bells ( compared to the 600 in your town ) . so definitely sell your perfect fruits in your friends towns ! note that you cannot plant perfect fruits of non-native species ; if your fruit is orange , you cannot plant perfect peaches ; they will instead turn into normal peach trees . however , if you imported a perfect orange into your town where oranges are native , you could plant that orange and it would become a perfect orange tree .
at first , the credits available to you in the single player campaign is limited to that from missions alone . however , once you have fully maxed out either the zerg or protoss research trees , you gain the ability to trade any future research points into 10k worth of credits . there have been mentions of a glitch with the way the game handles this : if you replay a mission you have already beaten and acquire protoss / zerg research points within that mission , it is possible to get the moebius foundation to " purchase research samples " from you , even though you failed to increase your net points ( you already got them once ) . in this way , you can accrue as many credits as you need , and can buy all the armory upgrades in a single playthrough . update : this method has since been patched . as of now , the best way to earn the armory achievements is to play the campaign multiple times , selecting different upgrades on each playthrough , as achievements are shared across all campaigns .
i have not been able to find any definitive information on this . however there are a number of possibilities we can infer . he may be embarrassed about : her superficial attributes ( e . g . her pink hair , glowing cybernetic eye ) the circumstances surrounding their marriage . winning a wife through a poker game could be considered embarrassing . according to a description of his personality : " horner has strong moral principles . he has a desire to make the universe a better place . . . " thus horner may have an aversion to han 's work as a mercenary . remember however that we do not really have enough information about matt horner , or mira han , to really say why matt horner is embarrassed of mira han . it may simply be because : mira han has undocumented and uncontrollable flatulence . matt horner never took the time to get to know the real mira han . matt horner prefers the company of men .
as far as i have seen anywhere , the answer is no . i do not know of anything that lets you get more gold for free , but you can buy some things with fame instead .
you can not actually give your eldest son all the counties in the other duchy as of the 1.10 patch , so the situation you describe can not happen . paradox wanted to close the exploit you mention for gavelkind , so now you are limited to giving your heir a single county . and if you gave your younger son the counties in the elder 's ducal inheritance , the inheritance would simply change so that your unlanded eldest son inherited the other duchy instead : inheritance is always recalculated based on your current titles , not titles you once had . the way to avoid the division of your realm on death is to eliminate one son 's ducal inheritance . you can do that by giving him a bishopric ( which makes him ineligible to inherit anything ) , by destroying a duchy title ( thereby making one inherit the remaining duchy and the other only a county or two ) , or by having him conveniently expire before you do through various means . destroying the title is probably the " nicest " option , since you get to keep both sons alive and ruling . that would also keep your whole realm intact under a single duchy , and you can always recreate the title with a later ruler once you have the kingdom or you have better succession laws .
i found a forum thread that suggests that you can do this : use the hdmi xbox cable to carry the picture through an hdmi-to-dvi converter , and then use the other xbox cable to carry sound ( red and white wires ) . however you may need to remove part of the connector base of one of the xbox cables so that both will fit in the xbox at the same time ; apparently the 2 cables may not fit together at the same time . here is another thread discussing a similar idea . to research this , i googled " hdmi to dvi adapter sound "
it is just a hard-coded ' cinematic ' death - my friends and i like to call it ' beating the loot pinata ' . if he starts doing it , you have won - celebrate ( and make inventory space for the terrible loot he is about to drop ) !
the super secret settings are a list of sounds and effects that may come out in future updates . you must turn all of the volume slides up inorder to hear them .
you will refresh the timer on the rend debuff , not apply a totally separate effect . however , you will still get the initial damage , and if two separate barbs apply a rend , you will have 2 rend debuffs .
priority missions advance the story and can make side missions unavailable . some side missions , however , will appear in your journal even though the required locations are not yet unlocked . complete as many side missions as you can before doing priority missions .
C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\Torchlight II\PAKS is where you put the mod files . whether or not your account would be flagged depends on the mod . most will not flag your character .
40 percent cdr is max . remember that masteries and runes count towards this , and also the blue buff . the blue buff gives 20 percent cdr last time i checked . often , if you are a caster you will be grabbing the blue anyway . it depends on your team composition and if others on your team need that blue .
it is abilities the monsters can have , the harder the difficulty the more it can have and some are only available on harder difficulties . a list can be found here . nightmarish is a boss modifier in diablo iii . this is another utility modifier that allows the boss to cast the witch doctor 's horrify spell , which sends the player running around in random directions for a short duration under the fear effect . while , like the fast modifier , it is not very dangerous on its own , it has the potential to scale in effectiveness with other boss mods such as molten . source
to find out how long you have played a certain character , when you are on the character selection screen , select a given character . it says on the right how long you have played them : you can also find out how long you have played a class . when you are on the screen just after the character selection screen ( the one from which you start a game , change quest , etc ) , press p to bring up your profile . you will see a screen that looks like this : hover over the class to bring up a tooltip for how long you have played it .
short answer : no . any achievments are permanent , with respect to your account .
there is not any secret ending , there is only a " perfect " ending which gives you hope that shepard survived , that is it . but as mentioned by vasil , you need to destroy all synthetic life and get at least 4.000 effective military strength and " save " anderson by either having high enough paragon or renegade or by shooting the illusive man . this is the only " secret " ending i know of .
there are not any as nice as the attack indicators you get during easy/normal play through . you have to watch and learn the indicators/movements that someone is about to punch , kick , or otherwise attack you . they do things like : pull there arm back before throwing a punch or slicing with a knife . take an attack stance . start to lift there leg for a kick . it is definitely more challenging and requires more attention and detailed pattern matching . it takes awhile , but you will slowly start to get better . here are some of my strategies : attack isolated inmates first , or small groups of isolated inmates . use evade to quickly move around the group , moving away from any cramped quarters . do not let yourself get surrounded . there are too many inmates to watch and keep track of . the batwing swarm is also a good move to use frequently . it stuns and isolates inmates , giving you time and space to attack . finally , batman can not be attacked during the takedown move , and enemies do not get back up after receiving it , so use it every chance you get . good luck !
if the disconnect error you are getting is Internal Exception: io.netty.handler.timeout.ReadTimeoutException  then this is a known bug in 1.7.2 that seems to be triggered in a variety of situations . ( the 1.7 update brought entirely new networking code , and this is one of the downsides of brand-new code . ) on our server we have also been encountering this issue while out exploring new chunks . it has been frustrating not to be able to explore freely without disconnecting and affecting everyone else on the server . this error happens even if you are the only person online . faster connections and allocating more ram to the server does not fix a thing . it does not mean your sever is underpowered . here is the current open bug report for this issue . keep an eye on that , and hopefully it will be solved for the next update .
honestly , there is very little reason to play a pure thief in bg 1 . between the numerous thief party members available ( it is the most common npc class by an order of magnitude ) , and the relatively low number of points needed in most thieving skills to be effective ( even further reduced by the ready availability of thieving potions ) , you just do not need more than 8 or 9 levels in the class . bg2 made up for this by introducing high level abilities , from which thieves draw the best pool by far , but this is not a factor in the bg1 ee ( at least not yet ) , so i would not build a character with an eye towards bg2 . that said , you have a few strong options : in general , you are better off dual classing into thief rather than out of it . a kensai dual classed into thief can be a very strong melee combatant , for example . if you do intend to start as a thief at level one , then using the swashbuckler kit is a very good idea - you give up the sneak attack ability but the +1 ac , hit , and damage /5 levels , plus access to weapon specialization and full two weapon fighting means that swashbucklers can hold their own in a toe to toe fight . more importantly , swashbucklers have a full compliment of thief skill points , so even if you are only starting with 5 levels before a swap , you do not really lose much . the other very viable option is to go full into traps , possibly ( but not necessarily ) using the bounty hunter kit . if baldur 's gate is a game built around the identification and exploitation of cheesy tactics , traps are , by far the cheesiest . they are also wildly effective - if you invest in the skill . they do solid damage , from a bh they will offer a variety of useful debuffs , and they are relatively easy to manage . and finally , as you note , there is always the classic elf f/m/t option , which will be able to do literally everything . the slower leveling is just not a sufficient hindrance .
look closely at the menu . at the top , bracketing the title of the quest , you see two elemental icons that indicate the elements that your dragon needs to have to be likely to succeed .
return inflicts damage and has no secondary effect . the base power of return is dependent on the friendship of the user . the greater the user 's friendship , the greater the base power . the base power can be calculated using the following formula : base power = friendship / 2.5 the base power of return varies between 1 ( minimum friendship ) and 102 ( maximum friendship ) . the base power is set to 1 if the formula outputs 0 . source : return frustration inflicts damage and has no secondary effect . the base power of frustration is dependant on the user 's friendship . the lower the user 's friendship is , the greater the base power of frustration . the base power can be calculated using the following formula : power = ( 255 - friendship ) / 2.5 the power of frustration varies between 1 ( maximum friendship ) and 102 ( minimum friendship ) . the base power is set to 1 if the formula outputs 0 . source : frustration here is a list of all the normal moves so you can get a better idea of the varying strengths of return/frustration . i will highlight a few of the more common normal , physical moves to give you a better perspective of how much 102 base power actually represents . * has some sort of drawback ( charge up time , recoil , death , etc )
an argument can be made that they already have a gaming console : the ios platform . some games ( the incident comes to mind ) already support streaming the game through an appletv , while using the ios device as a controller . with ios 5 , there is supposedly built-in support for streaming almost anything through an apple tv . my biggest critique of ios gaming on my iphone is that my fingers get in the way , so we will hopefully see more streaming-the-screen-through-a-tv .
smart casting does not mean " it'll cast stuff for you " . smart casting means " when you hit the hotkey , it immediately casts the spell as if you were targetting where your mouse cursor is hovering " . when you hover over a unit , the colored border around it will thicken . this will denote exactly which unit you will smart-cast against when using a targetted skill ( like rammus ' puncturing taunt ) , provided it is a valid target . when using an area-of-effect or skillshot skill , then a smart-cast will be targetted as if you had clicked whereever the mouse is currently situation . it saves you not merely time in setting up the launch , but also gives you much more flexibility in the actual gameplay . using normal targetting practices , you have to either select your target or cancel the skill , you cannot input any other commands . with smart-casting , you can focus on the setup for your skill , and then adapt your movements to any updates in the situation without needing to cancel out . and then once you get in position , it is just one button click to fire . since it can be thrown out from any action as fast as you can drag your mouse over , it can be a lot faster and catch your opponent off-guard , especially for otherwise predictable lead-in skills . its utility in being smartly used is entirely dependent on how effective you can utilize aiming without the guide ranges provided for skills . for targetted effects , it rather depends on your ability to target by hovering on a unit rather than clicking on a unit ( so in clusters , it is important for knowing the timing so that you do not cast on the wrong foe ) . it offers speed , but unless your accuracy is up to par , it may be more effective to stick with normal casting for skills until you get the hang of it .
to open uberchests you have to find a lever somewhere in the dungeon , which would open the chest for you .
yes it does damage enemies ! there is some information on the forum about this . here is someone who knows a bit more . look at post #2 he says the damage ticks at around 2500-5500 . he also mentions it can hit objects such as barrels to open them . i have no idea if the damage is based off weapon damage or if it is fixed .
the cooldowns of shepard 's powers get a " weight modifier " based on how encumbered shep is . this is a strict percentile , applied the same way that the cooldown reductions along the skill trees function . ( that is to say , 100% cooldown reduction = you can use the ability twice as often . if it helps , think of it as " uses per second " . a 100% increase in uses per second means half the original cooldown ) . the bar itself goes from +200% to -200% , depending on what percentage of the weight capacity is used .
everyone 's favorite patter-singing salarian scientist can be saved . . . but the price , and required setup is arguably too high : in order to keep mordin alive , you need to have 1 ) not saved maelon 's data in me2 , and 2 ) urdnot wreav must be the leader of the krogans ( that is , wrex must have died on virmire in me1 ) . incidentally , this is the default state for a new , non-imported shepard . under those circumstances , and only under those circumstances , mordin can instead be persuaded to lie to the krogans about the genophage cure , and they will buy it , hook , line , and sinker . at this point , you gain both the krogans and mordin as war assets .
hevnoraak - located in valthume krosis - located at the dragon lair shearpoint morokei - located at labyrinthian nahkriin - located at skuldafn otar - located northeast of markarth at ragnvald rahgot - located on top of the mountain south east of riften at forelhost vokun - located west of dawnstar at high gate ruins volsung - located at west of solitude volskygge more detailed information and lore about the priests can be found here : dragon priests and for more information on their masks and related masks look here : dragon priest masks as for what you should expect , each priest was not too difficult for me to defeat but you will find that you have to defeat each one in order to receive the mask . after you get all of the masks and take them to the shrine though , there will not be a priest to face in order to receive the final mask .
actually , you can respec your character , but you need a " respec kit " available through purchasing packs with credits . it is a rare , gold so they are random and difficult to find .
no you can not change the way it unfolds . if you get too close when following then she will attack you and if she gets too close in the final scene she will kill you .
take a look at your hangar and pick complementary loadouts/companions . you can be successful with a wide array of them however so there really is no specific advice to give you . while some of the unlockable things will give you an edge , they are largely " different " rather than " better " . on that note , be sure to try different ship styles and see what suits you . taking a look at the list of controls will also give you a better idea than the tutorial did of what you can use to escape/fight/etc . just like regular pvp , i do not think there is any substitute for experience . everyone had to learn and many still are , so if your teammates get annoyed you should ignore them .
current mods that can allow you to buy horses for your followers to use : mounted followers . . . this mod once installed lets your follower have and ride an horse that will spawn near your last ridden horse . it works with stolen horses , quest horses , but of course works best with stabled horses . note : 1 - i suggest you to never mount the follower horse , it may result in the follower mounting yours and after you dismount you had have to catch your horse that tries to go back to stables . 2 - you can fast travel but note that your follower may not be teleporting with you if you were mounted , it is not an issue tho your companion will come back after a while ( specially if you transition to doors etc ) 3 - once their ai kicks in followers are rather slow ( they walk ) to catch their horse ( just go . . they will catch up ) . 4 - the ai will not enter combat unless you dismount and so the normal behavior starts . 5 - if your follower is very close to you and you dismount , they may not dismount at first . . . but once you start moving they will . 6 - follower horses are not owned by the player so they will show with red name . . this is totally normal ! they are not supposed to be mounted by you ! 7 - if for some reason follower horses are not showing up , mount up on your horse and then dismount . . in few seconds follower horses should show up . horseridingfollowers this mod makes your follower ride a horse if ( s ) he has access to one he owns . if he has one near he will mount when you do and dismount when you do . sometimes it takes a little while for him to decide to mount , especially if it is the first time . horses for followers horses for followers will make new horses available to buy at all the main stables better follower improvements will enable your companion to ride them and follow you . to make followers mount their steeds , all you need to do is mount your own and they will follow suit . when combat ensues , they will dismount and engage in combat as normal . the horses are set to avoid combat if possible , unlike the vanilla players horse . now that you have two horses to pay for , you will appreciate their increased survivability . the horses will be owned by the current follower faction or player faction , which means that even if you change followers , there is no need to buy a new horse for each one . hope you enjoy and let me know of any bugs or mod conflicts . if a follower refuses to mount , use the bill of sale in the inventory ( books ) to switch to ownership more suitable for your companion at any given time . the horseridingfollowers mod description also states that you can make your follower ride non-horse mounts ( like mammoths and wolfs ) with this mod ( and also , probably other similar mods ) : like a boss
just fast-travel to any place and , if your follower did not respawn near you there are three possible issues : your follower died ( sorry it is bad news ) it is a bug ( nice one ) you told him/her to wait and forgot where or can not return to where you told them to wait ( bad loop-hole )
you can get the binoculars by scrolling down or holding down q . you should then be able to zoom using t .
pokemon will be sent to the last active box ( i.e. . the last box that you looked at ) . if this box is full , pokemon will be deposited in the next box up ( e . g . if your last active box was box 23 and it is full , pokemon will be sent to box 24 ) .
from the nitrome wiki : nitrome must die has over 40 weapons . below is a list of them : bang† banana bomb barrel bc bow boomerang bubble bullethead buzz saw canary chisel cluster bomb dragon ball fart fireball helmet homing missile machine gun mega laser mine mini gun molotov nanobot ninja star nitro nitrome penguin pea shooter pistol pixel gun points rocket shotgun slap spring† sucker punch toast triple arrow twin shot arrow †: only used in one particular level of its own
if you are running minecraft 1.6.2 with current mcedit 0.1.7 you can use mcedit , select all ( ctrl + a ) and delete entities . be warned this will delete all mobs and dropped items .
after two full days of waiting , the thieves guild fence tonilia went from 8 gold to 1000 gold - it is possible that it varies from merchant to merchant , but two days seems standard so far .
you can also get utopium daily from the utopium mine ( the first building reward you get ) . you have to tap it to show the building details and press the button that says " it is mine " . if you have the sheriff 's office , you can find one utopium hiding among the credits . if you have the police station , you can collect utopium for clearing achievements . most of your utopium will probably come from collecting hearts - every time you fill up all the hearts , you can get an animal gene , some coins , or 1 or 2 units of utopium . i am sure there must be more buildings that give bonuses , but this is all i have encountered so far .
maybe these portals changed allegiance ? you only get 100 xp from hacking enemy portals , not portals that belong to your faction .
when in hardmode : corruption and hallow will spread to stone , sand and dirt that are up to three tiles away . and almost all other blocks are immune to corruption and hallow , including wood , clay blocks , ash blocks , silt blocks , obsidian , ores , gems , and all bricks ( except pearlstone , which will spread hallow ) . the tunnel in your screenshot appears to be three blocks wide and lined with bricks . this essentially means there is a 5 block barrier between the spreadable blocks . i deem your tunnel safe ! just be careful to ensure uniform width of your tunnel . also , watch out for corruptors . their projectiles may spread corruption if they hit a corruptible tile .
it is possible to destroy them . it is just hard . i had been curious about this as well and when i hit level 26 , i loaded my ship up with a bunch of upgrades and went back to that starting mission , balosar outpost . you can blow up that shielded antenna on the bottom , and you do not need protons to do it . when doing the mission , i saved a lot of my missiles for the antenna , and i launched missiles at it and fired at it whenever possible . on one of my last passes at it ( probably put about 20 missiles in it , plus a lot of gunfire ) it blew up and i briefly saw a bonus objective message appear in green text across the screen for destroying the antenna relay . note that it was an " unadvertised " bonus , as i had not seen it in the quest log . i was also able to do this on the makem te assault against the shielded node on the destroyer , too . my ship is fully upgraded ( for level 27 ) and it took about 30 missiles plus a lot of concentrated fire , along with the augment thing that has guns do more damage while shields regen slower . when it blew up , again i got a " hidden " bonus objective complete message .
do you have dawnguard ? fort dawnguard is in the rift , so any action taken against the fort will get you a bounty in riften . ( just as any action against castle volkahir will incur a haafingar ( solitude ) bounty . ) also , to help you answer this better , if you did not already know , 9040 bounty is assault and 9 counts of murder , perhaps that'll help you figure things out a bit easier , because now you have got me curious . . . lol .
this is one of the harder and more intricate aspects of hearthstone to know to play around . when multiple effects would occur simultaneously , such as deathrattle , or mass effects like vanish matter regarding something , the order the effects occur in is always the order that the cards were put onto the battlefield . for instance , if your opponent has 9 cards in hand , and 4 minions on the battlefield , and you play vanish , the first creature your opponent ever played will be returned to their hand , and the other three will die , due to the maximum hand size of 10 . directly from the hearthstone gamepedia here , regarding specifically deathrattle , but also concerning all simultaneous effects : " when two minions with deathrattle die at once , both deathrattles will take place . according to lead designer eric dodds , events such as deathrattles that are triggered simultaneously will occur in the order in which the related cards were played . 2 for example , if a sylvanas windrunner attacks another sylvanas windrunner , destroying both minions , the deathrattle of the sylvanas which was summoned first will take place first , followed by the deathrattle of the sylvanas which was summoned second . " the linked source in the gamepedia article is unfortunately a video , but you can watch it and hear the stated information for yourself here . the article also unfortunately reads this : " however , player experience often directly contradicts this rule , even when repeatedly tested . 2 [ 3 ] while some have hypothesised complex rules of minion tiers and priority to predict and explain this behaviour , many reported experiences appear to directly contradict each other in the order of events . this variation may be due simply to bugs in the current build , or may reflect more complex rules underlying the game 's behaviour . " but from the looks of the linked sources , the testing is not very well done , and it is entirely likely this was a bug that has been since corrected , given how buggy of a game hearthstone is . either way , from the lead designer 's words , the order of effect should be the order of minion placement .
you cannot change factions in tor &mdash ; what you pick is what you get . that said , there are small differences depending on whether you are light side / dark side , such as verbal cosmetic changes in conversation . and your choices may affect companion affection . flashpoints are repeatable and have up to +/- 250 points ' worth of dark/light decisions among them , and diplomacy crew missions can yield dsp/lsp as well , so you can always completely reverse your stance ( although that could potentially take a /lot/ of work . . . ) .
there is no way to guarantee mob spawns of a particular type unless you happen to find a mob spawner . your best bet is to simply set up a situation that allows a lot of enemies to spawn and then weed out the spiders . there are a variety of traps that can be set up , from very simple to very complex . one of the easiest ways to get a lot of enemies to spawn , however , is to simply set up a tower in an open area ( keeping you safe and able to see a large distance ) . spiders have three attributes that you can abuse to catch them : they are 2 blocks wide by 1 block high . all other enemies are taller than they are wide , so a 2x1 hole will allow spiders through while keeping you safe from other enemies . this can allow you to deal with them specifically if you want to build some sort of trap room . spiders do not die from sunlight . this is why the tower tends to work well - even if a lot of monsters spawn nearby , you can wait for sunrise and then you will only have to watch out for creepers while you take down whatever spiders have spawned . as an added bonus , spiders will not be hostile during the day until you attack ( or if they were already after you from nighttime ) . spiders can climb walls ( but a lip will stop them ) . a platform , at least two blocks high and well lit , can help you separate the spiders from other monsters , as only they will be able to climb up after you .
the new " friend fish " represent your friends from game center . you can encounter them in maelstrom , and the depth the fish will be at will be at your friends ' max depth reached in maelstrom . if a friend " jimfisher " has reached a depth of 725m , then at 725m you will see a tiny fish with a text bubble above it that says " jimfisher " . if you catch a blue friend fish , then it will be added to your fish-o-pedia under the name " blue friend " ( but will not show up until then ) . finding a friend fish means you have just beaten a friend 's top score . when the friend fish is flying through the sky with your friend 's name on it , this would be a great time to take a screen shot to rub it in their face .
to eliminate a few possibilities : if it is spiders , spiders will climb onto your house roof and wait for you to exit to jump on you . it is annoying , and the reason why i always leave my house running and screaming . the coal ( ! ) you have placed near your door would allow a mob to jump up onto it , then onto your roof . mobs can jump surprisingly high . your roof might not be illuminated enough . light it up with more torches than you think are necessary . roofs are notorious for being hard to light .
when xypherous did his dev diary for nautilus he answered this question : ( forum goer ) quote : can you dodge it , or blink over it ( referring to the ultimate ) ? ( xypherous ) :if you doge it or blink over it , it will turn around to chase you some more , forever - run singed run . ( forum goer ) quote : master yi speed test inc . ( xypherous ) :i think rammus stands a better shot of making it halfway across the map before it hits him - :p ( xypherous ) :if you can outrun it for 5 seconds or get 2000+ units away from it , it'll just explode on the spot . link to the source found a video of someone actually managing to outrun nautilus ' ultimate :
having played quite far and having read the source code , i can tell you that yes , you should purchase " one mind " . the " downhill " is part of the fun and the narrative of sorts and the negative effects are not that bad given the many benefits . all of the upgrades to the grandmothers beyond that point are very effective at raising your cps/grandma by sizable amounts . this purchase adds the risk of golden cookies ( the randomly appearing cookies ) sometimes having negative effects like losing cookies or temporarily lowering cps . it also adds a new positive effect that the golden cookies can give as well . the game also adds " wrinklers " which are randomly appearing creatures that will lower your cps , but once destroyed will yield 1.1 times the amount they consumed so that actually makes them a good thing . with the exception of some very rare events that are handled separately , all golden cookie events are equally likely so even with all the elder upgrades purchased , you will still get positive effects about half the time or more . it starts out with negative effects happening about 1/6 of the time after the purchase of one mind and gets worse later . once you purchase all of these elder upgrades , a new , repeatable upgrade can be purchased to stop the negative effects from happening for a time . once this repeatable upgrade has been purchased enough times , a toggle upgrade to revoke the negative effects indefinitely can be purchased at the cost of some cookie multiplier . if you ever want to get back that multiplier along with the negative golden cookie effects and wrinklers , another upgrade can be purchased to toggle back . given that many of the later upgrades and buildings begin costing in the trillions ( 100 trillion for several of the upgrades ) , you are going to want to go for as much cps as you can ( balancing cost/cps as you go ) so that you can let it run in the background , collecting for you . checking in every now and again and clicking a golden cookie ( or several in the case of a chain ) is worth it too because it can save you hours in the long run .
the challenge factor from these types of turn-based strategy games tend to come from the following : your resources are generally fixed - you can not grind for more or delay an engagement while you ( over- ) prepare mistakes made early tend to compound to the point that if you make errors early , you are likely to continue to feel the effects late into the encounter/game the game mechanics and systems involved tend to be complicated and deep in every encounter , there is generally a tipping point - some point at which the encounter has been won by one side , but there is just the messy matter of meeting the requirements for success . the way i tend to tackle this type of challenge is by iterating and careful analysis . for instance , let 's say you are playing xcom:eu . you get halfway through a battle and two of your soldiers are dead . the enemies are quickly overwhelming the rest of your squad . at this point , you are probably past the tipping point - the enemies already killed two of your soldiers , and you started out outnumbered . now is a good time to take a step back . at what point did i start to lose ? well , probably when one of my guys died . why did he die ? well , he was in a bad spot and got ambushed . there were a couple of lousy dice rolls that contributed . now i have reached a point at which i had control and made a decision . i can not have predicted the ambush with 100% certainty , and i can not influence the random number generator , but i probably could have anticipated that things were going poorly , and put him into some better cover or had him fall back . having identified a choice that i had and did not do a good job of making , i can iterate on my strategy and try again . the compounding factors are the same as our challenge items from before . for instance , changing this decision might not be enough to effect the outcome . i may have made a tactical error earlier in the fight , or i may have brought the wrong people into combat , or i might have made a mistake in outfitting them , or even earlier when leveling them up . tracing these sorts of issues back to their root can be challenging , but it is the only way to improve . this is one reason that , when faced with a game that i know is going to be challenging , i will start on a lower difficulty level or in a mode that allows me to restore my state from earlier . that way , i have the option of rolling back more of my decisions . when i can play flawlessly , losing no resources and inflicting maximum harm , i turn the difficulty up a notch and see where the leaks in my strategy are when the computer is playing smarter . part of this is a learning process - learning how to best utilize your limited resources requires an understanding of the game mechanics that does not come easily . part of this as well is patience - most of the time , these games are not rushing you , so you can take your time and make sure you are making the most of your environment .
you can do it the old-fashioned way by using the mklink command . before steam introduced multiple ' game libraries ' this was the only way to get steam to install games on other hard drives . quick explanation of mklink the syntax of the mklink command is mklink /d &lt ; link> &lt ; source> where source is where the steam files are , and link is where you want steam to think they are /D tells mklink to create a directory link , instead of a file link . how i moved my entire steamapps folder to my d drive shutdown steam , navigate to the steam directory , and cut steamapps to another hard drive , say D:\Steam\steamapps . ( this may take a while ) . using Command Prompt , navigate to the steam directory . for example cd " c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam " using the mklink command , create a directory symbolic link to point to the new steamapps folder . mklink /d " steamapps " " d:\steam\steamapps " if you go into your steam directory , you will see what looks like a shortcut to the steamapps folder . navigating into it , explorer still thinks you are under the C: directory . however , all the data is now in the D: directory . i do not know how steam handles having two game libraries point to the same location ( effectively this is what we are doing here ) . you may need to remove the D: drive 's game library first ( cutting out the game files first , and merging them back in after ) , or just choose another folder location .
i want to confirm that this is not possible via the command-line , but there are some suggestion in this post that can help you , maybe ? edit : just noticed bckbck posted the link as a comment , but i will leave this in my answer anyway .
arena rewards are not tied to the amount of boxes that are awarded to you ; the amount of wins simply determines the range of rewards you are available to . below you will find a list , that describes the rewards that you could get ( possible rewards ) , depending on the number of wins you were able to accumulate during a single arena run . since it was part of your original question as well , i will also include the number of boxes there . 0 wins / novice ( 2 boxes ) : a pack , and either about 25-40 gold or dust , or a common card 1 win / apprentice ( 2 boxes ) : a pack , and either about 30-50 gold or dust , or a common card 2 wins / journeyman ( 2 boxes ) : a pack , and either about 40-50 gold or dust , or a common/rare card 3 wins / copper ( 3 boxes ) : a pack and about 25-35 gold , plus either about 25 gold , about 25 dust , or a common/rare card 4 wins / silver ( 3 boxes ) : a pack and about 45-60 gold , plus either about 25 gold , about 25 dust , or a common/rare card 5 wins / gold ( 3 boxes ) : a pack and about 55 gold , plus either about 45-55 gold , about 45-50 dust , or a common/rare card 6 wins / platinum ( 3-4 boxes ) : a pack and about 75-85 gold , plus one or two of : about 50-55 gold , about 50 dust , or a golden or regular common/rare card 7 wins / diamond ( 3-4 boxes ) : a pack and about 150–160 gold , plus one or two of : about 30 gold , about 25 dust , golden or regular common/rare cards 8 wins / champion ( 3-4 boxes ) : a pack and about 150-160 gold , plus one or two of : about 20-25 gold , about 25 dust , golden or regular common/rare/epic/legendary cards 9 wins / ruby ( 3-4 boxes ) : a pack and about 155 gold , plus one or two of : about 75-95 gold , about 50 dust , golden or regular common/rare/epic/legendary cards 10 wins / frostborn ( 3-4 boxes ) : a pack and about 175-185 gold , plus one or two of : about 70-115 gold , about 70-80 dust , golden common cards , golden or regular rare/epic/legendary cards 11 wins / molten ( 3-4 boxes ) : a pack and about 195-210 gold , plus one or two of : about 80-180 gold , about 60-90 dust , golden common cards , golden or regular rare/epic/legendary cards 12 wins / lightforge ( 5 boxes ) : a pack and about 220-235 gold , plus three of : about 20-175 gold , about 20-25 dust , golden common cards , golden or regular rare/epic/legendary cards , additional card packs there are various sources that could be cited , i will cite the following : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/arena cheers mate .
yes . in the upper tree , on the left edge about 1/3 of the way up , there is a tech called plasma cage ; it costs 1350 science to research . it grants the ability to build a system " improvement " called the plasma raze grid . this improvement always takes 1 turn to build , no matter how little production a system has ( so a just-conquered system with 1 population , negative happiness , and no production can still build it in 1 turn ) . once completed , it destroys all improvements in the system , removes all population in the system , and gives you a colony ship .
1-80 level 1-80 can be done in a couple of minutes , you can choose any race except pandaran , they are forced to do there starting zone and choose fraction so they will not work for this . on a side note pandarans get the racial inner peace , making their rested experience bonus last twice as long as normal . so a race change might be useful if you are not planing to go for max level in one go . you will need to make a raf account before mop is released from your main account and use the raf account to level up a combined 158 times . at least one character needs to reach level 80 , so you will need to buy wotlk for the second account as well . this will give you 79 levels to grant , so when you start your monk you can grant them all to your monk , instantly jumping to 80 . there are a variety of ways to do this - the simplest is to just level two characters from 1-80 , and then one more to level 2 , but the consensus for ' fastest ' seems to be that only leveling one character to 80 , and then bringing up a few characters to level 20 or 40 . the only things to keep in mind is that at least one character needs to reach level 80 , and you need a total of 79 grantable levels . additionally , you should keep in mind that your progress towards next level as a percentage is retained when levels are granted . this means that before granting the levels , you should take the 10 minutes to grind your monk 99% of the way to level 2 . after granting 79 levels , you will be at level 80 , and a single quest completion away from reaching level 81 , which makes a nice head start heading into hyjal . you can read more on the specifics of the level granting process , as well as optimal dungeon runs and dual boxing techniques for banking grantable levels in this thread at mmo-champion . in particular , you will want to make sure to take advantage of the 300% xp bonus for keeping your ' veteran ' and ' friend ' accounts grouped at all times while doing this prep work . 81-85 there are 2 ways that can be recommended , dungeon leveling or tagging . they share some preparation that you need a bit of gear and a guild : gear you will need heirloom that works for up to level 85 , that is the helm and cloak , you can read more here on what heirlooms to get for a monk . additionally , keep in mind that that your monk is going to be wearing level 1 gear . do yourself a favor and have a full set of cataclysm-grade boe 's ready to go for your monk before launch to keep yourself geared from 81-85 . guild you need a level 6 guild for the fast track ( rank 2 ) perk that gives you 10% more xp . higher level guild is recommended to make life easier and you will need a level 20 guild for the heirloom helm . more info on what perks you can get can be found here . tagging this consists of one playing attacking a monster and then one or more higher level player ( s ) killing the monster . the first player should receive full xp as long as the monster is not grey for the 2nd player . this can be very effective but can be mind numbingly boring , i have not done a lot of this so i cant recommend a place to do this , but what is important is the lower level player need to be able to attack the monster with out getting killed and there need to be a lot of monsters to kill , an example of a good place for horde players to do this can be seen below , as far as i can find this should still work ( drops have been nerfed though ) but i have not tested it : some level 80+ boe gear would help the newly level 80 monk and a 2 person mount/guild summoning is also recommended . dungeon leveling this is what it sounds like , running dungeons until you hit 85 . killing mobs in dungeons gives good xp and you get bonus xp from completing dungeons when signing up with the dungeon finder . for this you will need a full set level 80 boe cataclysm gear ( ilevel is important ) , but the helm and cloak do not have to be useful , you just need them to boost your ilevel since heirloom gear is ilevel 1 ( or 0 i forget ) . some blue level 80-84 boe items that a monk can equip ( not necessarily useful , could be cloth ) would also be recommended to make sure you keep your ilevel up even if you get unlucky with dungeon drops . i would recommend running this as a full group ( tank , healer and 3 dps ) or at least tank+healer combo ( the monk can be either of them if needed ) to make sure you get instant queues . you can also do this with higher level chars ( level 85 in full raid gear ) to speed up the dungeon clearing .
you are correct . there are certain non-class specific weapons that your monk is not allowed to use . a few such weapons are : bows crossbows two-handed swords two-handed axes two-handed maces i do not believe there is ever any explicit reason in-game as to why the monk cannot use them , however .
as johnjon notes , there are 181 skillpoints in the game . maxing a single skill requires 21 points . there are enough points in the game to max out a total of 8 skills , with a few left over . shepard , conveniently enough , has 8 skills , plus one slot for a bonus power . so , you can come very close , but you can not quite make it to maxing out all 9 . you can max out 8 of them , and have 13 points remaining for the 9th , which lets you get to rank 4 . you will have 2 points left over . alternately , you could max out 7 skills , get two to rank 5 , and have 3 points left over .
this is great explanation from rhokenstrolm " supply capped " is where you are trying to build a unit but can not because you do not have enough supply . and about 200/200 . . . it does not measure 200/200 . it measures when you are supply blocked and stops when you build a pylon/depot/overlord . source .
before patch 1.2 , you could buy them for 1 to 2.5 million credits on the fleet . the vendor for the imperial version , geologist pajro , was in the southwest section . the republic version was geologist breshin . currently only people who bought them prior to patch 1.2 have them ; they were bind on pickup . ( in beta , they were a drop from a world boss . )
no , it is not possible . items that disappeared due to cell resets are gone for good . if you are playing on pc , you can add any items you need with the console .
when you are attacked , there are several different stages that cumulatively determine how much damage you take : dodge gives a straight % chance to avoid the attack completely skills that reduce monster damage are applied monk : resolve monk : crippling wave with concussion monk : mantra of conviction with intimidation armor and resistance will mitigate the values ( multiplicatively ) skill based reduction is applied : barbarian : ignore pain demon hunter : gloom wizard : force armor barbarian : relentless shield will absorb a variable amount of damage based on the chance to block and statistics of the shield itself damage absorption is applied : wizard : diamond skin fatal damage may trigger : spirit vessel for witch doctor near death experience for monk thus , a character with a 20k hp pool may be able to withstand 200k incoming damage before dying - this is called as the effective hp ( sv/nde is not considered when calculating ehp ) . not all of the above steps are always factored in : dodge does not apply to area damage effects ( plagued , molten , desecrate , ghom cloud ) force armor is limited to 2x of the actual hp , if damage before that phase resolves in excess of this amount then fa will not activate . there are several posts in battle .neton the interaction between fa and ds , or you can read up on the ( long ago nerfed ) 4.7k hp regen build and how it worked .
the commands are grayed out because you have not defined any zones yet . use the hotkey ' t ' to create them . put the cursor at a corner of where you want to start the zone , hold t , and drag to create the zone , letting go of t when you are done . now , when you have a unit selected , you can rightclick the zone and use focus/ignore on that zone . you can create multiple zones , but i am not sure how overlapping zones work . as for the commands themselves : focus on zone : the unit will only target enemies within that zone , ignoring enemies outside of it . if there is no one in the zone , but someone out , i think they will ignore that enemy , even if its the only one ( not 100% sure on this ) . they continue to focus this zone until you cancel the command . ignore zone : the unit will ignore any enemies within the zone . pretty much the opposite of focus on zone . this is helpful if you do not want your mg shooting at a far enemy emplacement ( ie behind a window ) , but instead targeting whatever might be in front or around of it ( since you will lose the battle against that far window if you are walking up to your new firing position ) . one final thing , i have not tested this and do not know if its true , but just something to be aware of : i have heard that once you create a zone , your opponent will be able to see it next turn . i will try to play a friend and try that out tonight .
if any of your mods are sub level 5 , you will be able to find weapon mods of that type wherever they would usually spawn , regardless of whether you have collected the mod in that particular location or not . when a weapon mod reaches level 5 , it stops appearing in levels altogether . to reiterate , if weapon mod x spawns in levels a , b and c , and you have collected it in a and c on your first playthrough , you can find it in all possible locations ( a , b or c ) until the mod upgrades to level 5 . note that on the first playthough , 2 units of each mod are available for purchase from shops . if you bought them on your first playthrough , you will not be able to buy 2 more on subsequent playthroughs .
no . you can only mega evolve one pokemon per battle . http://www.serebii.net/xy/megaevolutions.shtml
did you check that location had actually locked on before you started running ? if a location lock is not obtained this can happen . depending on where you are running getting a lock can be hard ( e . g . in a city with many tall buildings ) . data is not required for gps , but can increase the speed with which you can get a lock ( by downloading constellation information from the internet instead of waiting for it from the satellites themselves ) . if you are sure that you have a location lock and that your route has been recorded correctly , try re-syncing the data . i know that runkeeper often requires syncing after finishing a run , maybe run , zombies ! is the same .
from what i have seen , the amount of money paid depends on the size of the side doing the paying . i am not sure if it is linked to number of titles or size of economy , but larger empires have to pay more reparations . ( similar to how mighty kings must pay an enormous ransom to buy an indulgence from the pope to gain piety . )
from https://help.mojang.com/customer/portal/articles/325948-minecraft-system-requirements current minecraft system requirements last updated : sep 20 , 2013 11:58am cest a computer with the minimum requirements should be able to play minecraft . however , for the best experience , please consider the recommended requirements . minimum requirements : cpu : intel p4 or its amd equivalent ( amd k7 ) ram : 2gb gpu : intel gma 950 or amd equivalent with opengl 2.1 support hdd : at least 100mb for game core and sound files recommended requirements : cpu : intel pentium d or amd athlon 64 ( k8 ) 2.6 ghz ram : 4gb gpu : geforce 6xxx or ati radeon 9xxx and up with opengl 2.1 support ( excluding integrated chipsets ) hdd : 150mb software requirements : minecraft release 1.6 or newer . older versions will need to be updated to current versions** java ( java se 6 update 51 or java se 7 update 40 or newer is preferred ) please note that some users experience issues playing minecraft while using a mismatched version of java for their operating system ( 32 or 64 bit ) , while using certain versions of java 7 , or while multiple versions of java are installed if you have a laptop with an a built-in ( integrated ) graphics card , rather than a dedicated card , it is highly suggested that you try the demo before purchase . information on system requirements for running a minecraft server can be found on the minecraft wiki . compare to previous : minimum ( as of 1.5.2 ) : cpu : intel p4/netburst architecture or its amd equivalent ( amd k7 ) ram : 256 mb gpu : geforce 256 or ati rage xl and up . ( any gpu with opengl 1.2 support ) hdd : at least 10 mb for game data recommended : cpu : intel pentium d or amd k8-based cpus and better ram : 1 gb gpu : geforce 7300 gt or ati radeon hd 2400 xt and up hdd : 150 mb for game saves + sounds net increases : minimum : cpu : netburst architecture / no increase ram : 256mb to 2gb / 1.75gb increase gpu : geforce 256 or ati rage xl to intel gma 950 or amd equivalent / no easily documented increase hdd : 10mb to 100mb / 90mb increase recommended : cpu : intel pentium d or amd k8 ( 2.6 ghz-ish ) to intel pentium d or amd athlon 64/k8 ( 2.6 ghz ) / no increase ram : 1gb to 4gb / 3gb increase gpu : geforce 7300 gt or ati radeon hd 2400 xt and up to geforce 6xxx or ati radeon 9xxx and up with opengl 2.1 support / opengl 1.2 to opengl 2.1 hdd : 150mb to 150mb / no increase note : this is for the minecraft client . server specs are available here .
divisions are just a segment of a league , they do not really mean anything at all . you will play with people from many different divisions while you are playing . when you qualify for a league , you are randomly placed into whatever division is currently being filled . all the divisions do is break the people up into groups of around 100 , and give you a rank to strive for . you should not ever change division until you change league . and your league will change as you do well or poorly in your current league . they poll your skill randomly and decide weather or not to bump you one way or the other . you can on occasion have matches against people from other leagues , to test your skill level . lots more info here : http://starcraft.wikia.com/wiki/league_%28starcraft_ii%29
i am afraid i can only offer the most obvious answer : do not hire them all at once . at the start you can hire some before you start building , and some at just before opening ( which will help a little ) . the primary benefit of not hiring all at once is that it staggers their breaks , but also has a rather large secondary benefit : better quality staff . the staff hiring pool refreshes every so often , giving you a better selection . your low-quality bulk-buy method may also be why you are suffering with breaks so much ; i seem to remember lower quality staff get tired more easily .
short answer : they convert to the correct building of the conquering civilization , if they survive at all . i fired up civ v , with the in-game editor mod running . it does not edit any mechanics , so it is great for testing out things like this . no other mods were running . i played as assyria , against egypt . i would have involved ethiopia , as per your example , but my experience suggests that cultural buildings never survive , so steles/monuments would not work either way . i gave egypt a second city , with the techs needed , and added a library , shrine , and burial tomb . then , i declared war , gave myself a giant death robot in the area , and took the city . once under my control , memphis had a royal library and temple instead .
sheep can regrow wool by eating a grass block ( converting it to dirt ) . in addition , if you dye the sheep and then shear it , the wool grows back coloured . so this way you can generate flocks of rainbow sheep . history : in early versions , after eating three grass blocks , they would regrow their wool ( source ) . this disappeared ( sheep would no longer eat grass ) , and then was added again in minecraft 1.1 .
all the exclusive mobile content is as follows . ( source ) armour boots of ostara weapons egg cannon explosives holy hand grenade enemies diseaster bunny boss lepus events easter pets too many to list , see here items too many to list , see here have fun !
your vision is based on the amount of light in the area . most rooms are fully lit , so you can see the entirety of it . the same goes for most levels of the gnomish mines for example . corridors are not lit , which means you can only see one block in any direction . one exception is infravision , which is an intrinsic for dwarves , elves , gnomes , and orcs , allowing you to see infravisible ( warm-blooded ) monsters from afar , even in dark places . as for the map , you recall the way things were the last time you saw them . if something happens to them but you are not around to see it , you obviously do not know of it . you will only see the change once you get within sight again .
source : http://www.codblackopsblog.com/call-of-duty-black-ops-perks-list/ tier 1 lightweight pro : no falling damage . scavenger pro : doubles your starting ammo with extra magazines and replenishes tactical grenades . ghost pro : undetectable by aircraft , dogs , infra-red , and sentries . the enemy won’t see your name or a red crosshair when targeting you . hardline pro : get a second chance on the result of care packages . flak jacket pro : extra fire resistance and reset fuse when you toss back grenades . tier 2 hardened pro : bullets do extra damage to aircraft and turrets . reduced flinch when shot at . scout pro : switch between weapons faster . steady aim pro : quicker aiming after sprinting and quicker recovery from knife lunge . sleight of hand pro : faster aiming down sights with non-scoped weapons . warlord pro : start with one extra lethal and tactical grenade ( except smoke / willy pete ) tier 3 marathon pro : unlimited sprint . ninja pro : louder enemy footsteps , makes you completely silent . second chance pro : survive longer and any teammate can revive you . hacker pro : booby trap enemy care packages and turn enemy killstreaks and equipment friendly . makes you invisible to enemy motion sensors . tactical mask pro : reduces the effects of flashbangs and concussion grenades . reveals the location of a flashed or stunned enemy .
xp is duplicated for each party members within " a screen and a half " 1 of the kill , as if each member got the kill themselves . ( though all party members will get quest-end xp regardless of location . ) this is a departure from diablo 2 , where xp was literally divided among party members . in your example , yes , you each would get 1200 xp , but not if you are far away ( "screen and a half" ) .
you can not take pharmaceutical products , only mix them . if you have two , click use to combine the two pharmaceutical products . if you try it with one , nothing will happen .
rather than try to work out what happened or how to fix the restore process , i just started fresh with my new ps3 . i can not stress how useful the psn+ cloud service is . without it you can re-download your games , but not your saves . with it you have a nearly all-encompassing backup solution . the psn+ cloud service does not back up saved games from ps1 , ps2 or minis though , so be sure and copy those from your old system to a usb device while you still can .
it is rather quite tricky to get it down , but the way i did it was . . . do not keep moving once you have already broken a lot of the cube . let it regenerate , and try again . if you keep moving , it'll regenerate too much over any area you want to move through . i found that only one of the sides consistently made a hole big enough to jump through . move around , try to look for the hole , wait for the cube to regenerate , then move to where you saw the biggest hole . then move around to break it open again , and usually it breaks open in a similar pattern as before . reference : neogaf . one of the walls will regen slower than the others . thats your best bet for getting in . reference : gamefaqs .
type enable_debug_overlays 1 in the console to enable the trajectory lines .
in order for sprays to work properly , you must : have a spray image . you can download and install a premade one , or create your own by converting an image to vtf format . ( i am not 100% sure if the default checkerboard pattern counts as an actual spray or not , and i can not currently test this ) have sprays turned on in the multiplayer options . i believe you must also allow custom content to be downloaded , although again , not 100% on that one . be playing on a server that has sprays enabled . not all servers do , so if you can not see anyone 's sprays , try a different server . press the spray key ( default t ) while pointing at a valid target . if you are doing this right , you should hear a " spraycan " sound effect . some surfaces do not take sprays properly , although a flat floor or wall is usually safe . you also have to be somewhat close to the surface in order to spray - too far away and you will not be able to . there is also a cooldown between sprays , so you can not spam the spray button .
the recommendations over at the steam forums are to allow steam to finish updating while running windows in safe mode - presumably some background application ( like a third party firewall or antivirus program ) is preventing steam from updating in these instances . to restart your computer in safe mode with networking support you can do the following ; load up steam , wait till it is stuck on 99% . press " start " button , type " msconfig " into the search bar and press enter . under the " boot " tab where the " boot options " are , tick " safe boot " then select " network " . restart your computer and allow it to load up in safe mode . everything will most likely look big and ugly . load up steam , once it completes the update , log in . press " start " button , type " msconfig " into the search bar and press enter . under the " boot " tab where the " boot options " are , un-tick " safe boot " . restart in to normal windows . run steam successfully . as an alternative to running msconfig to force safe mode with networking , it is possible to achieve the same effect by pressing f8 at the correct point during windows startup ( just before the windows logo first appears , after the power on self test has completed ) . this of course , might not be the only solution to the problem you are experiencing . one other suggestion for resolving this problem is that by closing steam and then deleting the clientregistry.blob file from within your steam installation folder , you can complete updating the steam client successfully . finally one other solution that i have not come across before is using a utility called tcpview to close the connection from steam during the update process , after it has stalled . this is detailed here in this steam forum post and involves using a free microsoft sysinternals application called tcpview . the details on how to achieve this are as follows ; download the tcpviewer application from microsoft msdn extract and run the tcpview . exe application only open the steam , when it hangs during updating , open the tcpview . exe and find steam . exe inside the tcpview . exe program right click steam . exe inside the tcpview programme and click close connection . it could also just be that in the year or so since you have last used steam on this computer it needs to download a sizeable update , which could take some time . the steam updater can leave itself in a position where it looks like it is doing nothing but may require just a little patience before it springs back into life .
yes . memory cards ( and maybe their data ) are tied to sony entertainment network accounts . if both vita are signed up with the same sen account ( tied to the same psn id ) , then you can use the memory card without having to do anything . if either vita is not signed up with an sen account , then you can not earn trophies on it , etc . if the second vita is signed up with a different sen than the first , then the memory card usage will be restricted . and to use the memory card , you had have to format the card . while not clearly outlined in this source , i suspect pc/ps3 transfer would have similar restrictions although i did not look into it . source : playstation
both the /op &lt;player&gt; command and editing ops.txt file method still work in both 1.4.7 and 1.5 . if the file does not exist , make a new file named that , and put your user name in it . please note that the op &lt;player&gt; command should be typed on the server , not in the game . if you try to type that in the actual game , you will get an error saying you do not have permission to use this command ( because you are not yet an op ) .
several items or skills in the game reveal invisible units . here is a list and few tips on how to counter the problem : items dust of appearance : purge yourself with diffusale blade ( if you have it ) . sentry ward : get a gem or your own sentries to deward . gem of truesight : gank the carrier . necronomicon ( level 3 ) : kill the necronomicon units but keep in mind that the ability " last will " from necronomicon units level 3 will deal 600 pure damage to the killer . skills thirst ( bloodseeker ) : not much you can do except run . amplify damage ( slardar ) : you can purge yourself with diffusal blade . track ( bounty hunter ) : you can purge yourself with diffusal blade . lightning bolt and thundergod 's wrath ( zeus ) : not much you can do except run . extra information if you are a hero with a passive invisibility ( rikimaru or broodmother in her web for example ) , you can also be revealed by a silence . in this case you can use a diffusal blade or manta style to dispell the silence ( or dust ) . always be aware that the enemy team will sooner or later get a way to detect you . by checking regularly the enemy 's heroes inventory and looking for detection items , you can avoid a lot of unfortunate deaths .
update : as of 1.1 , bunnies are just like any other mob . you may dismember them in whatever grisly fashion you choose , any place , anywhere , any time . begin original answer : you cannot interact with bunnies or goldfish because the game treats them like npc 's . therefore , you have two options for evil , wholesale slaughter ! lure an enemy into the bunnies ! slimes are everywhere aboveground during the day , and zombies are relentless at night . though they will not seek out and destroy these fluffy friends , if you put yourself on the far side of one of the helpless npcs , they will quickly decapitate them if they jump into the rabbits , or if the rabbits jump into them ( in an impressive disregard for the laws of physics , i might add ! ) enemies may be ' coaxed ' into following you by hitting them with a weak weapon , such as a wooden arrow shot from a wooden bow . if you hear the " splotch " sound of something dying , or see numbers pop up on an otherwise dark part of your screen , it means that an enemy found its way into a critter on it is own . ( if underwater , be sure to loot the dropped goldfish ! ) there is one aspect of bunnies that may make this difficult , however ; bunnies only spawn in the 1/3 of the world nearest your spawn -- it is not inconceivable that the reduction in monster spawns ( from your moved-in npcs ) makes it harder ( if not downright impossible ) to find a fiend to sick on your fuzzy hopper in the first place . if this is the case , perhaps you would prefer to . . . use lava ! if dwarf fortress has taught me anything , it is that magma solves everything . bring some magma to the surface , and any hapless npc who walks into where you " accidentally " spilled it will be in a world of hurt . ( try this trick on the clothier too ! ) finally , you can use Vile Powder to transform bunnies and goldfish into corrupt versions of their former selves . these incarnations can be slaughtered mercilessly as long as you like ( or have corrupt animals to slaughter ) . do not forget your evil laugh ; remember -- you can not spell slaughter without ' laughter ' !
i do not know for sure what happens if you leave it on . my guess is that nothing bad happens . if you turn it off , you get waypoints for the other objectives you need to finish for this mission , which makes it much easier imo . otherwise you are most likely left to wander around the entire map looking for them , which makes the mission much harder than it needs to be . that said , once you find one of the objectives you can get some slightly vague pointers to the other objectives . so if you want to leave it on , you are not completely on your own , but the mission is much easier with the jammer off .
weapon power does not change ( short of dying , when it resets to zero ) ; it is a statistic 0-5 , that works in addition to the volume powerup . as to the actual weapons your ship is shooting , that is based on the music you are playing -- loud , heavy instrumentation means you will get full power screen-clearing guns , and slow , orchestrated sections you will barely shoot more than a spoonful of pea-sized pellets .
there are no other events in the crypts . you can see a discussion here and also on the wiki those are the only two reported .
you can re-enter , but not until much later into the game . after which you can re-enter anytime you want . as for now , however , there is little you can do .
list of lodgings is here : http://echobazaar.wikidot.com/available-lodgings . i went for the " rooms above a bookshop " - iirc , using the tales of terror in your inventory creates a key for the rooms , which appears as a story option for you . i discovered this when mousing over items in inventory , some of which are usable by clicking to create new things .
before completing the game , you can only change skins in the challenge rooms , after completing the game you have the chance to pick your batman skin before loading your normal game or new game plus . edit : you can change skins before completing the game by entering this cheat code , i do not know if disables achievements/trophies or not , though press the following combination on the main menu screen ( after you have selected your save slot ) : left , left , down , down , left , left , right , up , up , down
aperture science ( which is the firm that developed the portal gun ) is in direct competition with black mesa ( which is the firm for which gordon freeman worked ) for military contracts see the section other facts on this link aperture science and black mesa were bitter rivals . as seen in the portal maps " testchmb_a_15" and " escape_02" , aperture science employees were briefed on black mesa through slideshow presentations , such as one titled " dollar$ and sense : competing with black mesa for dod and government-wide acquisition contracts " edit : here 's an excellent guide on half life : http://members.shaw.ca/halflifestory/ check out the timeline for an awesome detail of all events in the half life saga , and in the bottom a little speculation to its relation to portal : the date that the events of portal take place are not certain . we do know that glados says to chell : " are you trying to escape ? [ chuckle ] things have changed since the last time you left the building . what is going on out will make you wish you were back in here . i have an infinite capacity for knowledge , and even i am not sure what is going on outside . all i know is i am the only thing standing between us and them . well , i was . unless you have a plan for building some supercomputer parts in a big hurry , this place is not going to be safe much longer . " this implies that the game takes place during the portal storms or afterwards . this site is not official but it is a great analysis imo .
the best way to currently check your difficulty bracket : run dota2 and open watch tab select recent games press filter button write your nickname select skill level ( low , mid or high ) this way you can see which of your recent games have been in low , mid or high skill bracket . keep in mind that the high bracket still varies in skill greatly , so that might not be a a very accurate indication of your current ladder standing .
29% is the max cap you can get per piece of armor via the in game fortify loop . i have tried using the falmer helmet glitch to see if i can boost my enchanting up some more , but it does not . the only way you can make that armor with a fully patched game is using the console . however , there used to be a glitch with fortify restoration that can turbo boost your skills to insane levels , and with that it was possible to make armor as shown in the picture .
bounties can be put on you by other players or sometimes by npc 's if you steal their car . if nobody kills you after one full in-game day ( 48 minutes real time ) , the bounty will expire and you receive the cash . there is even an achievement to do this . spending time in ls customs does not count toward the 48 minutes . you are best off hiding in your garage or a remote location if playing in a public game . or if you really want to shake it without the heat , just play in a private game for a while and it will go away once time is up .
official source from ' cc eva ' , a community coordinator : when you see a server full means that the people who’ve chosen that server as theirs , or players who have moved to that particular server , have reached the cap , independently of where did they create their accounts . this means that the number of accounts with the server as their home server has reached the capacity cap set for that server . over time if people move away from the server it will become available again for new accounts to choose as their home server .
while you can identify it by looking at the new d-pad , and easier way might be to look at the colors . the new controller is entirely made up of shades of gray . i think this is the only controller where the buttons are not the standard colors . amazon categorizes the controller under silver , so that might help you identify it as well ( although i do not recall if the packaging lists it as silver or not ) .
once you throw one dart/dagger/etc . , you can fire again in the same direction using ctrl-a . this is imo the best way to accomplish this .
kiting refers to keeping an enemy chasing you while also keeping it at a range where it cannot attack you . this is often paired with attacking him back using your own long-range attack , but that is not necessary ( see the comments below for an example ) . the effect looks like you have the enemy on the end of a string , kind of like a ' kite ' , because you are both moving in the same direction and he is never catching up to you . it is a generic term that applies to any game with mechanics that allow it .
in war the ai sometimes gives up and hands over like 12 cities at once for peace ( which i would be stupid not to take ) i think your conclusion here may be false . if those cities are going to drive your happiness into the ground , it may not be in your best interests to take all of them at once . there is no magical wellspring of happiness that will allow you to absorb an unlimited number of enemy cities into your empire without repercussions . use the following methods to increase happiness : build courthouses in captured cities . this negates unhappiness from occupation . get as many luxury resources as possible ( by building the appropriate improvements on their tiles or through city-state allies ) . look for resources just outside your borders and consider purchasing those tiles . plan new city locations with an eye toward where you can get the most luxury resources . build happiness-producing structures : circus , colosseum , theatre , stadium , and burial tomb if you are egyptian . build happiness-producing wonders like hanging gardens and eiffel tower . get social policies ( there are many ) that work with your existing empire to increase happiness . look at how they generate happiness , and find the ones that match your style of rule . do not try to change your whole empire just to eke a little more happiness out of a social policy . in addition , use puppet cities to your advantage , and do not overextend yourself . if taking all those cities is going to cripple you , it may not be worth it . is a vast , dysfunctional empire better off than a slightly smaller , functional one ?
fruits in new leaf do not rot . on a perfect fruit tree , one of the last fruits it produces before turning into a regular tree will be rotten . do not try to sell the rotten fruit , everything else you sell at the same time will be rendered worthless and you will have to pay a disposal fee . turnips do rot every monday , but they are the only items in new leaf that rot with time .
those covered areas of the map count toward achievements ( kryta explorer , maguuma explorer , etc . ) , but not toward world completion . the only things that concern your world completion percentage are the points of interest , renown hearts , waypoints , vistas , and skill points in the four wvw maps , and the main world ( excluding southsun cove and eye of the north ) . dungeons do not count toward map completion , so you do not need to worry about those either . unfortunately , the only way to know whether or not you have uncovered the entire map in a particular zone is to thoroughly study your own map . you could also compare your map with one from the wiki , if you are worried you might have missed something .
it is as you have said . it is possible to harm him as classic sonic , but after an hour trying myself , i found it rather difficult and as soon as i thought i was close enough , i would have to switch back to 3d space . a good strategy i found while fighting this guy is to just hold the boost button in 3d space , then when he switches to 2d space , try to collect as many rings as possible as , to me , it is easier doing it in 2d space . that said , this video shows time eater being defeated as 2d only , showing that it is indeed possible :
how about looking on virtualapple . org ?
based on information in this link , the -a , -ga , -ja , etc . endings for spells appear to be a naming convention square decided on that is rooted in a japanese grammar structure similar to the english -er , -est ( e . g . something described as greater is not as good as something described as greatest ) .
you have to wait until she actually hurts you . since she is punching , that first only downs your stamina - run around a bit and then confront her , wait until you health decreases and then you can finish her . she is an unimportant character , but personally i would avoid killing anyone unnecessarily . . . of course , there are better solutions - get the spell calm humanoids or the scroll of tevil 's peace to calm her down . that should give you enough time to talk to her again and bribe her into a more peaceful mood . finally , you can also cheat . open the console , click on helvi , and type setfight 0 stopcombat 
actual characters cannot be transferred to gw2 , though you will be able to reserve character names . if you purchase guild wars : eye of the north , you will have access to the hall of monuments . the hom is a way to track various achievements from gw1 , such as miniatures collected , prestige armor/weapons acquired , titles and accomplishments you have achieved , etc . arenanet has confirmed that your character in gw2 will benefit from any accomplishments you have logged with the hall of monument by linking your two accounts . the bonuses you can acquire are account-based , not character-based , so if gw1 character a got the tyrian explorer title and gw1 character b got the canthan explorer title , you will still get the benefit from both characters ' accomplishments in gw2 as long as you have logged those accomplishments in the hom . happy achievement hunting ! : ) additionally , there is now a website where you can fill in your character 's name and your gw2 rewards will be calculated based on what is currently in the hall of monuments . calculations are based on account , so even if you fill in a certain character 's name , the rewards you are receiving are based on your account as a whole . you will be able to continue adding to the hom after gw2 releases . additional source
according to the elder scrolls wiki , if you miss an artifact the oblivion walker achievement can still be obtained by getting both the ring of hirscine and the savior’s hide from the ill met by moonlight quest . uesp has instructions for doing this : it is entirely possible to obtain both the ring of hircine as well as the savior 's hide . in order to do so , first you must help sinding eliminate the remaining hunters . after doing so , speak with sinding to complete his quest objective , then kill him . when you remove his skin , immediately avoid contact with the hircine 's spectral avatar ( or back out of the conversation ) and exit the cave , leading you to the spirit of the white stag , which will then reward you with the uncursed ring of hircine . now re-enter the cave and speak with hircine 's spectral avatar to receive the savior 's hide .
out-of-the-box , the 4gb xbox 360 is the same in every regard save one : it is hard drive space . the main hardware ( cpu , gpu and ram ) of the different bundles is exactly the same . that being said , the answer to your question is , " yes " .
yes , when you login the next day , you will be told you have died , and you may then reincarnate into a new town . you can also wait to join your next town , for instance if you want to try to join with a friend .
join their game , run up to them , and right click their portait - there should be a trade option , which will allow you to trade gold directly to them . note that this only works while you are in town .
at the end of the leah 's journey video from the behind the scenes dvd , chris metzen hints that leah might return in the next expansion . " her spirit is still out there somewhere . there is a good girl there , that deserves to be saved and brought back from the abyss . so while we do not have any clue yet what subsequent chapters will be , ( a couple of clues ) , i would bet that we would chase that down , because it feels right from a story level and it feels right from a character level . "
yes . this is a necessary consequence of diablo 3 's online cash auction system . all your stuff has to be stored on the server to prevent ' fraud ' . as you can see , the official system requirements include a broadband connection . http://us.battle.net/support/en/article/diablo-iii-system-requirements on further investigation , there appears to have been a rumour at some point that diablo iii will feature an " offline " mode , but this information is a year old , and blizzard 's system requirements seem to contradict it . q : is there going to be an open/closed battle .netlike on diablo 2 ? a : very little is known right now on how battle .netis going to work with diablo iii , mainly because they have not done much work with it yet . it is unknown right now whether or not diablo iii will have an open/close battle .netoption . there will be an off-line mode but it is unknown whether or not you will be able to use those characters to play on-ine ( sic ) . ( from http://forums.battle.net/thread.html?topicid=27800569797sid=3000 ) a more recent and presumably up to date faq on the diablo iii wiki appears to agree that there will be no offline play .
the moves you teach it may largely depend on what ability your skitty has ; normalize this ability will give all of skitty 's attacks same-type attack bonus , so priority moves like sucker punch ( must be bred in ) can get a little extra power behind their speed . it will also let skitty use moves like thunder wave ( tm73 ) on the otherwise immune ground types . a downside to normalize is that ghost types will be immune to all your direct damage - this can be mitigated using foresight ( learned at lvl4 ) . additionally , rock and steel types will be highly resistant to your attacks . cute charm or wonder skin ( hidden ability ) zen headbutt ( must be bred in ) is a good counter to normal types ' greatest weakness - fighting . high priority moves like the previously mentioned sucker punch or fake out ( move relearner ) are still a good choice . skitty can also learn baton pass and wish though breeding - combined with calm mind ( tm04 ) , this can make for a fairly decent support ( combine those three with a special attack like ice beam ( tm13 ) or thunderbolt ( tm24 ) to let skitty take advantage of its own stat boosts . smogon university goes into further details on specific builds , giving suggested evs , natures , and items as well as strategies . you can copy those movesets to the letter , or modify them to your liking . edit : if you are looking solely to teach moves to an existing skitty , and not do any fancy breeding ; swagger ( tm87 ) and psych up ( tm77 ) have an interesting , if risky , dynamic - confuse the target , raise its attack two stages , and then copy the attack up buff . to make use of this buff , return ( tm27 ) is a good stab move that has a base power of 102 at maximum friendship , and round it out with faint attack ( lvl 29 ) for a little type coverage . you could try for sing ( lvl 11 ) , dream eater ( tm85 ) , and wakeup slap ( lvl 32 ) - but sing 's low accuracy makes this a risky strategy . toxic ( tm06 ) - if you are not fighting a steel or poison type this strategy can work wonders , poison them with toxic and then stall - protect ( tm17 ) double team ( tm32 ) , and for a fourth move attract ( tm45 ) or swagger para-fusion - the idea here is to minimise the enemy 's chance to do anything useful and hit themselves thunder wave ( tm73 ) and swagger should set it up nicely - the danger to using swagger ( particularly after several applications to keep the enemy confused ) is that if they manage to get by both statuses ( 37.5% , i believe ) and actually hit you it will hurt - you might consider double team to make yourself even harder to hit . heal bell ( lvl 39 ) could be worked in to many of the above possibilities - it is a nice team support ability to clear the rest of your team 's status ailments - particularly useful during some of the longer routes , means you do not have to be too vigilant about stocking up on the various curative items that may be in short supply and on the pricy side . ( although by lvl 39 the cost and availability of the items may no longer be an issue ) if you go for calm mind to buff your spatk , echoed voice 's ( tm49 ) power increases by 40 with each application ( up to 200 ) , and it is normal , so stab bonus applies . if your skitty is durable enough to survive a few hits it could build up quite nicely against trainers with more than two pokemon . and if this is just against the npc 's throughout the story , always remember that there is nothing a little back-tracking and grinding out a few levels will not cure .
the hobo merchant will not sell you the goth clothing just yet , that comes later along the main quest , on the second day after the announcement of the the new taco bell at the south park mall , cartman will tell you that the elves stole the stick in the middle of the night , and that the humans will need reinforcements from the goth kids . deliver cartman 's message to them , and they say they will only help you if you look and act like them ; to look like them , you will need the goth equipment from the hobo merchant by the u-stor-it , which he should now sell . ( allegedly , you only need the goth cap , goth clothes , and goth gloves equipment . any goth hairstyles , glasses and makeup are supposedly optional . but , you might as well go for the full look . ) coffee - head to the tweek bros . coffee shop and buy some tweek bros . dark roast . it is the only coffee dark enough to be considered goth . as a bonus , this will also make you friends with tweek 's parents . cigarettes - there will be some tough looking kids in the alley beteewn jimbo 's guns and the bar . beat ' em up and take their smokes . at some point during this process , the elves will kidnap you and take you to their hideout , behind kyle 's house . they will try to convince you to join with them , not cartman , and recruit the goth kids for the elves . they will let you go , you can decide who to ally with later ( and there is a few friendship opportunities here ) . return to the goth kids wearing your new goth equipment , and they will send you on another quest - to get a photo of yourself with an anti-conformity sign in front of the pta . various bits of story occur , and randy will teach you a new spell , and sends you to investigate the taco bell before he will let you take your picture . this leg of the quest will require some combat , so switch out of your goth gear . when you return with evidence against the taco bell , randy will take your picture and send it to you ( talk with the pta milling about after for another 5 friends ) . re-equip the goth gear and show the goth kids the evidence of you conforming to their non-conformity ( if they keep telling you to get that picture at this point , you do not have your goth disguise fully equipped , i got stuck for a while here because i had some other black glove equipped ) . this is not quite enough to sway them however , you must now show them you can dance like a goth . you must satisfactorily complete a brief ddr sequence - note : myself and a number of other pc players got a little stuck here , the ddr sequence is not controlled with wasd , but with the arrow keys . no amount of trying to use wasd or trying to out-think the game by not conforming ( not pushing any buttons ) will get you past this . now sufficiently convinced of your non-conformist ways , all four goth kids will friend you . now you must decide who will you report their allegiance to .
no , you can not . they are entirely different games .
it sounds like you are looking for the information from http://www.warcraftrealms.com/activity.php?serverid=-1 for world of warcraft . an average of 900 players on across a day , with a peak of around 1500 . that is across all realms , so you could dig down into the stats on the page to find out the average for a high population realm , etc .
quest xp is not all that awesome compared to killing monsters , honestly . you can kill many monsters in the time it takes to complete one quest stage , and the rewards for quests are considerably less than those for monsters . as far as regions go , i would suggest just clearing everything and moving on asap - generally the content is balanced so that you are gaining levels at around the rate you are clearing areas . generally the next place you should go to advance the plot is the best place for your character to be gaining levels . if you have already made pretty good progress on at least one character , chances are you are sitting on a pile of gold . you can use this gold and the auction house in a couple of beneficial ways : buy rare items ! not just ones with bonus xp , but look for rares that are around your level for all your slots . being able to one-shot enemies due to powerful rare equipment makes killing ( and therefore leveling ) much quicker . if you can find some steals at the auction house , you can be crazy , stupid overpowered for the area you are in . class specific rares in particular are generally super cheap ! buy socketed helmets and a good ruby ! as was noted in this question , there is no level limit for using gems , and it is almost intended that you will use gems to level up new characters . a square ruby , for instance , can be socketed into a helmet for a 17% experience boost , and set me back about 10k gold at the auction house . 17% more xp is generally going to do more for you in the long run than ~10-20 xp per kill , especially in act 2 and beyond . if you can find a rare socketed helmet with +xp per kill , and you add a good quality ruby , you will be gaining xp like crazy . the ruby 's recyclable , so you can invest in the best quality one you can find and just keep changing the helmet it is in depending on your level or the character you are currently playing . each upgrade in gem quality adds 2% to the xp bonus , so keep that in mind when shopping . the price will change over time , so which is the " best " to buy is going to vary depending on market conditions . look for price breaks - 10k gold for a 6% improvement might make sense , but another 10k to gain 2% probably does not . of course , if you are sitting on a pile of gold and your time 's worth more than draining your bank account , your economics might be different .
taken from the skyrim wiki : after telling adopted children to go to bed , they will instead appear to sit on thin air or refuse to perform any other animations . can be fixed by simply saving and reloading . i presume it is one of those bugs that have yet to be fixed , and unfortunately until then i do not think there is much more of a solution . save -> reload -> they should be asleep upon re-load .
pay attention that selling the account is not allowed by steam subscriber agreement . when you complete steam 's registration process , you create a steam account ( "account" ) . your account may also include billing information you provide to us for the purchase of subscriptions . you are solely responsible for all activity on your account and for the security of your computer system . you may not reveal , share or otherwise allow others to use your password or account . you agree that you are personally responsible for the use of your password and account and for all of the communication and activity on steam that results from use of your login name and password . you may not sell or charge others for the right to use your account , or otherwise transfer your account .
means that the achievement has 6 rewards for completeing its various stages . is the collapsed/expanded state of the achievement . if this icon is absent , the achievement cannot be expanded . means that this achievement is worth 10 points . achievement " points " are an arbitrary number by which you can measure your awesomeness . nearly all achievements are worth 10 points , regardless of their difficulty . the one notable exception to this rule is " meta-achievements " , the criteria for which are to complete a group of other achievements that are typically related to one another . these are usually worth more than 10 points .
yes . use mcedit . you can copy the section in your old map , and save it as a schematic , which you can then import and place into a new world ( generated with minecraft by starting a new game ) , overwriting what was there before . make sure minecraft is closed while you are using mcedit , otherwise you can corrupt your map .
crafting plans drop universally and randomly . the best tactic is usually to either farm bosses or in rifts because of the increased legendary bonus in while in a rift .
the original guild wars does not have servers like you might be used to in wow . instead , servers are split into " districts " that you can change at will . if you look in the upper left-hand corner of your screen ( by default ui configuration ) , you will see which district you are in at a particular time . if you are already in a european district and you are getting a high ping , try switching to an international district . i have not played in euro districts much , myself , but i seem to recall some people complaining that they were not as responsive as american districts . since you can change for free , instantaneously , whenever you are in a town or outpost , might as well give all of them a shot and see which one works best for you . relevant wiki article
from the ea store page : more transportation transport your sims more efficiently with an exclusive double decker bus station in britain and high-speed rail in germany ! it seems like the german vs regular train-station for the same cost ( upfront and maintenance ) for better performance .
bring a bucket of water with you when you go mining . if you come across a lava lake , pour it on the block next to the lava . this will make a " blob " of obsidian . then what you want to do is pick up the water again , then mine one obsidian block to make a little hole . pour the water bucket into that hole ( even if the ground is stone , this is to make sure it is safe ) then mine obsidian in a line . if there is lava under you the water will flow and change it to obsidian before you burn or the drop burns . continue this method as needed until you have enough obsidian . also , make sure you have a diamond pick in order to harvest it . . . enchantments are not required , but they help .
you do not need to wiggle the mouse . the way i do these is to , for each stage ( left and right , up and down ) to pick a direction and slowly move the mouse in it until either the next stage unlocks or the progress on the current stage resets , in which case i try the other direction . this has never taken me more than a minute to complete so far .
you are right that both the in-manual and in-game introductions to caravan are not very effective . this is what i figured out via a combination of trial-and-error and the instructions . ( also , i keep the caravan rules card from the deck that comes with the special edition out when i play new vegas . very handy quick-ref for the face cards once you get used to the rest . ) the basics : 2 players play the game . you can use any cards you want , as long as ( a ) you have at least 30 cards in your deck and ( b ) no two identical cards ( eg , 2 of clubs ) come from the same casino . ( in real life , if you wanted to play , they could not be the same deck/brand . unless you frequent casinos enough to have a collection . : ) the game combines elements of blackjack , war , double-solitaire ( that is , two player head-to-head solitaire ) and even uno . each player is initially dealt 8 cards . your first three plays to the board must set up your initial caravans -- you have three to set up . give them each a numbered ( ace through 10 ) card . during these plays , you can discard any cards from your hand that you like , drawing a replacement card from your deck . cards you discard are gone from play -- so do not discard your good ones . discarding at this stage is required if you are dealt eight face cards and/or jokers . each of those caravans has a suit and a direction . the suit is the suit of the last numbered card dropped on the pile . the direction is either up or down from your starting point . an important thing to note ( and i had to lose about a dozen hands before i learned this ) is that the direction does not have to be sequential -- you do not , for example , have to follow a 10 with a 9 , or a 5 with a 6 . you can have the following sequence ( which adds to 26 ) : 10 , 9 , 7 . to play a numbered card on one of your caravans , it must either be going in the appropriate direction , or it must be of the same suit as the last numbered card . however , under no circumstances can you play the same number twice in a row , no matter what suit they are . you are targeting a range of between 21 and 26 ( inclusive ) for each your three piles . gameplay during the first three moves , when setting up your caravans , you do not draw replacement cards for those you lay out . thus , when those turns are complete , you will have five cards in your hand . players take turns playing one card each . if you cannot or do not wish to play , you can discard a card from your hand . in any event , once a card is played or discarded , you draw a replacement from your deck . if desired , instead of playing or discarding a card , you can discard an entire caravan . play continues until " end game , " below . cards and their effects ace : always a value of 1 . consider a number card except when a joker is involved . 2 - 10: face value . jack : removes the target card and all face cards attached to it from the board . typically played offensively against the other player . queen : reverses the direction of the caravan . can be used offensively and defensively . offensive example : reversing a descending caravan to ascending when the opponent is near enough the target ( and at a high enough last number ) that the direction switch prevents him from landing within the range . rare , but very effective when you can pull it off . defensive example : you have been ascending or descending and either can not go farther ( at a ten or an ace ) , or you need to reverse direction in order to land in the target range . king : doubles the value of the target card . again , can be used both offensively and defensively . offensive example : double the value of a high-value card in your opponent 's caravan when he is at the high end of the target range . boom , now he is overloaded . defensive example : double your own card ( typically effective early-game ) to get a leg up on the competition . joker : this one has different impacts depending on the card you play it against . often ends up doing " collateral " damage -- that is , damage to you as well as your opponent . use them wisely . against an ace , removes all non-face cards of the same suit as the ace from the table , except the ace on which it is played . against numbered cards , removes all cards of that value from the table , except the card against which it is played . end game : the game is over when all three caravans are successfully sold . when a caravan is between 21 and 26 ( inclusive ) , it is considered sold . however , you can continue to pile weight on a sold caravan , and your opponent can continue to outbid you . whichever player has the highest bid ( without going over ) on two out of the three caravans wins . ultimately , the goal is to get two out of three caravans as high as possible ( preferably 26 ) before the opponent does , and to prevent the opponent from outbidding you by using offensive maneuvers against him . note that the comments refer to bugs regarding this behavior . i have not personally observed any bugs here ; i have never personally seen the game end without three caravans being sold . however , not all three must be sold by the same player . for example , if we numbered our caravans 1 - 3 , a game could end with one player having sold #s 1 and 2 , and the other having sold #3 . whoever has sold at least two at the end of the game has won . but wait &#8212 ; there is more in case this was not quite clear/useful enough , there is an excellent explanation here . building a deck i am not going to give many strategies on this , but just the basics . first off , as of the ( what i assume are final ) patches , cards you purchase or find seem to go in your deck straightaway . you will need to modify the deck you have in play before the game begins . ( this is the part where you see all your cards in two rows on the screen . ) for your deck , you want to think about the odds of getting the card you need when you need it . really large decks allow you to survive even the most aggressive ai , but often do not provide the attack cards you need to keep the opponent from winning while you build out your plan . really small decks often provide a card you need , but have no longevity against an opponent who relentlessly hits you with jacks and kings . personally , i build what i call a deck of black death : exactly one of each ace ( heart , club , spade , diamond ) at least 4 of the following ( all clubs or spades ) : 2 , 3 , 7 , 8 at least 3 of the following ( all clubs or spades ) : 9 , 10 at least 5 of the following ( all clubs or spades ) : 4 , 5 , 6 at least 4 of the following ( i try for all black , but can be any color ) : king , jack , joker exactly 3 queens ( again , i try for all black , but can be any color ) why the emphasis on black ? because of joker-on-ace . in all my playings , i have never seen the ai play a joker . never . but i will use them very aggressively . and by keeping most of my deck contained in two suits , i know that i can always play a joker on a red ace , hurt the ai , and probably not hurt myself at all . ( ymmv if you are playing with actual cards and actual people . ) the other reason i emphasize black is to increase the odds that i can switch direction without playing a queen . all of my value cards are either spades or clubs , making it more likely that i will get a matching suit when i draw , or already have one in-hand . note that this is pretty flexible : " at least . " the main thing is the general proportions -- do not go for too many high cards , because they reduce flexibility . by the same token , do not get too many low cards , because they delay your advancement . you need a lot of face cards , but you need them to be well-outnumbered by your value cards . the only inflexible bits are the aces and queens -- aces because you only need one of each , queens because they have very limited use , especially with limited suits .
get 10 bandages from other levels to unlock gish ( side note : this will also earn you a 5 gamer score achievement ) . jump to the lower right platform which is next to the bandage . inch yourself over the edge and grab the side using gish special . allow yourself to slowly side down to grab the bandage and then jump to the fall wall and jump up to get to bandage girl !
from what i have seen during play , your best system will trade with their best system . from there it works its way down until you run out of available systems , or they do . when you add a new possible trade route or improve the trade bonus on a system , the game re-calculates the trade network . this means your systems can " steal " trade from a " lesser " system in your empire in the trade network .
changing the visibility as mr smooth mentioned , you can use the drop down menu in the library , to only display installed games . adding categories you can also add categories , and add the game ( s ) to the category , this can be done by right clicking a game , and selecting the " set category . . . " button . from there you can add categories . contacting steam support you can also try to contact steam support , about removing a game from your library . they should be able to do it . please note that this may take a bit of arguing , and will require more than one e-mail exchange .
leave the area for a few in game days . if you return , people will like you again . equally , find a guard and sheath your weapon . then go to prison or pay your bounty .
take off your weapon . if you do not harm his eggs , he will not crush you !
no , it is impossible within eve online right now . there is no skill that would allow you to refine or reprocess elements in a remote location , just as you can not ---------- accept mission . remote action are strictly controlled in eve to avoid hack/exploit , especially concerning low/high security interaction i guess . the way to easy the process would be the jump clone but i guess this is not an efficient way .
yes lbp1 levels can be played in lbp2 . when doing a search for levels you can even choose to only search for lbp1 levels ( or only lbp2 levels as well ) .
the concept of the clone is a good idea but it takes too much cloning potions . instead use a summoning tribe spear . it is the same concept but it is faster and it does not cost anything
actions that get you gold : being in the vicinity when a minion or jungle creep dies ( i believe it is 50 feet ) . this method only gets you partial , unless you have watcher 's gift you will not get any gold if your defending objectives ( towers , phoenix , titan ) last hit the minion last hitting a minion gets you an additional 50% bonus killing jungle creeps destroying objectives ( towers , phoenixes , gold fury , fire giant ) . everyone on the team receives gold regardless of where they are . getting a kill assist on a god ( damaging , ccing , or " body blocking " counts as assist ) first blood ( the first god kill of the game ) is an additional 200 gold bonus getting a kill on a god . the formula for how much you earn per kill is below . base amount = ( 150 + ( gold earned by victim / 100 ) ) level adjustment = ( ( enemy level - player level ) * . 1 ) this is capped at +/- . 6 . total = ( base amount + ( base amount * level difference adjustment ) ) * 1.1 ^ opponents kill streak in conquest : all gods start with 1500 gold towers are 200 gold global , 250 for assist in bringing it down phoenixes are 150 global , 200 for assist bringing down small jungle fury gives 71 gold ( if solo or with bumba 's mask ) large ( mid ) jungle fury gives 90 gold ( again , jungle so if solo or with the mask ) jungle buff camps give 91 gold gold fury is 300 global fire giant is 150 global last hit is a 50% bonus added to the " normal " proximity reward archer minions give 18 gold on last hit if solo , 12 proximity . melee minions give 25 gold on last hit if solo , 17 proximity . brute minions ( big melee guys ) give 29 gold if solo , 20 proximity . when friendly gods are around you the gold reward splits evenly . example , if you are in the duo lane , archer minions will give 6 gold , but if you or your partner god last hit while you have watcher 's , you will get 9 . the other modes merely scale on this base formula . there is also options in the game to tweak reward text so it is more clear . the default pops up near your god with pretty small text . god kill rewards will also show up in the chat feed .
there is ! during the quest , you should've run into maurice jondrelle , who asks to come with you . if you accepted his offer , he will want to pray in front of the tree as an alternative to harming the tree . when he does this , a sapling will grow which you can then take back to danica to complete the quest .
with version 8.8 released in september 2013 there is now a ' missions ' button on the main garage interface that tracks tour progress . in addition the post battle report now also shows your mission progress when relevant . it is in the release notes : significantly expanded the functionality of missions . an interface with description and current mission status has now been added to the client .
it will not wipe out your saves as long as you delete only the installed disc . the process to do so is : go to settings > system > storage > select the drive it is on > games and apps > find gta v . select it . under there you should see the different items separated out including each saved game . disc 2 install will probably be a single item listed as installed xbox 360 game . the install that runs for disc 1 breaks it up into 4 different parts . select the disc 2 install with a , and then you will have an option to delete it .
currently there is no way to copy your village to your war base . you must modify your war base by hand . this is a thread about this here , on the clash of clans forums . update : as of version 6.186.1 ( released 3rd july 2014 ) you can copy your current village layout to your clan war base . to do this you must be participating in a clan war on preparation day . firstly tap on the clan war button and then tap " edit war base " . finally tap " copy layout " and then " okay": your current village layout will be copied to your war base ! source
this simply means he has something new to say . just click on him , then choose talk . at least one of the conversation topics should be highlighted . this does not just apply to him though . every npc that has something to say gets this from time to time , even your followers .
it appears the first and probably only combination is snow and seaweed dragons as per the dragonvale wiki . note there was only one combination for the last gemstone dragon so i would not try other pairings . the pearl dragon incubation time is 30 hours ; since no other dragon has a 30 hour incubation time you will know you got it just by the time . remember you can not breed gem dragons with any other dragons . even if you have two pearl dragons they can not breed with eachother . looks like it can be bred already ; it is in the market and people are already reporting successful breedings and there are already egg pics :
without mods or editing the world using external tools , there is no way to keep a spawner active by yourself . you could buy a second copy of minecraft or have someone else join your world and stand next to your spawner . by editing the world you can change the RequiredPlayerRange of the spawner so that it activates from a farther distance . this would generally be considered cheating for a survival world . what i would recommend is to find ways to make better use of your time standing next to the spawner , by building things to work on there — equipment for crafting , potion brewing , etc . i have built a pool for fishing near one of my spawners , since that is something that also takes lots of time but also requires interaction . if you have got a particularly good setup like two spawners in the same area , maybe even build your base around them .
here 's a link on networking with the xbox 360 , from xbox.com. here are a couple of links from instructables . com that seem to cover exactly what you are trying to do . and here 's a video of the same thing .
i am assuming you mean zed time . zed time is an apparently random event triggered by getting " cool shots . " these have been reported as long-range headshots , messy bomb kills , etc . source
i remember when this was a big question for me as well . the idea here , is to look at how the carry in question does their damage . let me break it down a bit . ravenous hydra firstly , you mentioned ravenous hydra . this is a no go . there are no melee adcs , as part of the requirement to be an adc is that they are ranged . i have tried to adc with champions such as gangplank , with poor results . so while ravenous hydra is an amazing item on melee ad champions such as talon , riven , and gangplank , we can not use it with adc 's . bloodthirster let 's look at champions who deal major damage naturally , and have high ad ratios . some examples of champions like this are caitlyn and lucian . either is viable in this case , but the large damage increase from a bloodthirster is usually much more effective . champions that scale well with ad benefit more from both the +70 ad base stat , as well as the stacking passive that allows for up to an additional +30 ad . this leaves you with a potential +100 ad from a single item . this grants your champion both 100 damage on basic attacks , but also those 100 points of ad with which to make their abilities stronger . lucian 's piercing light Q , for example , scales with at minimum 60% of his bonus ad at rank one , and 120% at rank five . that is between 60 and 120 extra damage on the ability from one single item . as well , his ardent blaze W scales with 60% of his bonus ad , granting that ability an additional in order to qualify as scaling well with ad , a champion should have at least a 50% ad or 60% bonus ad ratio on 2 abilities . basically , if the champion gets a high impact out of ad statistic , beyond the basic attacks , you want bloodthirster for sure . these champions tend to be the ones that you do not just basic attack the enemies to death with . they make up for the lower attack speed , by having high impact abilities as well . adding a supplemental blade of the ruined king , though , is not a bad idea if you have the inventory space for one , or if the situation calls for one . blade of the ruined king champions that are about putting as many rounds down range as fast as possible , and champions that do not scale well , or at all , with ad will prefer the blade of ruined king . some big examples are vayne , kog'maw , and twitch . these champs like to get as close to that 2.5 attack speed cap as possible , so every item should help achieve that goal . blade of the ruined king , focuses on that with a buff of +40% attack speed , and the +25 ad , plus the passive , makes sure that your basic attacks still in fact hurt . champions that are focused simply on putting rounds downrange , usually apply some sort of de-buff on hit . examples such as vayne 's silver bolts W and twitch 's deadly venom passive . these champions care less about the damage that each shot does , and more about getting that de-buff on the enemy and triggering it . another case is a champion such as kog'maw , who is bio-arcane barrage W deals a percentage of the enemy 's health per basic attack . this synergies very well with blade of the ruined king 's passive , which deals a percentage of the enemy 's health in physical damage , in addition to the extra attack speed . lastly , there is the champions who just do not have good ad ratios . these champs generally focus on a sort of hybrid build between attack speed and damage , which again , the blade of the ruined king 's +40% attack speed and +25 attack damage lends itself nicely to . these champions include champions like tristana ( who has all ap ratios ) and quinn . then there is the situational buys . when the enemy team has a lot of beefy champions with a lot of health , it is time to consider adding a blade of the ruined king to your build , even if you are not using a champion that falls into one of these categories . that passive which takes 5% of the target 's current health and turns it into bonus physical damage really helps against those beefy opponents . and for those times when you need that extra edge to get away from the guy you can not kill , it is active allows you to steal 30% of the target 's move speed , and 15% of their maximum health . pro tip : do not use a botrk to deal with an opposing dr . mundo , as he will just heal the damage right back . instead , consider an executioner 's calling .
ores/gemstones can either be sold ( for a tidy sum depending on rarity ) or be used in custom furniture at re-tail ( through cyrus , once you unlock him ) . to unlock cyrus , you need to accomplish four requirements : sell at least 100,000 bells worth of items to reese own at least 100 different types of furniture ( in your catalog ) own at least 50 different items of clothing ( in your catalog ) . be a resident of the town for over 7 days . afterwards , he should wake up and be be able to customize any of your furniture . here , you can basically create your own furniture designs or use one of the default ones present in the game . i do not remember seeing restrictions on what ores and gemstones you can add , just on the amount . it is during this design process where you can include the ores/gemstones . moreover , if you gave cyrus a piece of furniture combined with a ore or gemstone , you can receive some unique furniture which displays the ore/gemstone 's characteristics .
when a dwarf in in a squad , when he is highlighted in the add to squad screen , his current squad will be listed in the top bar ( circled in red ) . see below , kel ( the expedition leader ) is in a squad already ( the blockaded hills ) . rith ( the miner ) , is not currently in a squad ( notice the area circled in rad is empty ) . confirmed for vanilla 34.11
blizzard 's servers all run the latest version . this version currently is 5.4.7 , which includes the cataclysm update to the kalimdor and eastern kingdoms , as well as outlands , northrend , cataclysm zones and pandaria . someday , in the next 6 months , the version will update to 6.0 . this update will include warlords of draenor mechanics changes . there is no way to play an older version of wow on blizzard 's servers . but what about purchases ? currently , if you have wow at all , you have these expansions automatically : burning crusade , wrath of the lich king , cataclysm . mists of pandaria is not automatic . it has been this way since 2013-10-15 . if you want to play wow you only need to buy the base game and then optionally may buy mists of pandaria . do not purchase the older expansions because you get them with the base game . until you purchase mists of pandaria , you will be unable to level past 85 make characters with the monk class ( however you can make pandaren characters ) go to pandaria .
this faq has a complete list , ( search for " cheats" ) but they are not in the same order as on the menu , so i can not verify that the ones i have picked out are correct . that said , i will take a crack . to use the cheat codes , start a career mode level and pause , and then hold numpad 7 while you enter the code . more codes for pc are here . the cheat might be double moon physics ( seems like that should come after moon physics , yeah ? ) : [ left ] , [ up ] , [ left ] , [ up ] , [ down ] , [ up ] , c , v , [ left ] , [ up ] , [ left ] , [ up ] , [ down ] , [ up ] , c , v . the character might be private carrera : get all gaps in the game for the non-secret skate parks . it is tough . or cheat : [ down ] , [ up ] , [ left ] , [ left ] , b , [ left ] , [ up ] , v , v , [ up ] , [ right ] , c , c , [ up ] , [ spacebar ]
i believe all that matters is the terrain your enemy is on . as you mentioned , the manual says : " against units in open/rough terrain " .
once the resistance is over , you can buy the courthouse for 600 gold , which is slightly more expensive than other buildings that cost 100 hammers . before the patch released on 15 december 2010 it was not possible to buy a courthouse
npcs cannot go to jail unless it is part of a specific quest . if they participate in the crime ( assault , for example ) , they will be approached by the guards . they then either have to pay the fine ( if they have the money ) or resist arrest , which will probably get them killed . either way , stolen items in their inventory will also disappear . however , if they have not participated in the crime ( ie ; your pickpocketing ) , then the stolen items are safe .
in a game to game basis , there really is not much you can do to get your team to buy wards other then just asking and hoping , but when you get to the higher elo games people take it seriously and will also be buying wards . in lower elo games/unranked people do not take it as seriously/have the same skill level as high elo games and either do not buy wards or take offence to someone calling them out on it , which just makes the team do worse . if you are the only one buying wards , just do your best to get wards around dragon ( although this is less important in unranked/low elo play ) , baron , and your lane .
vampirism on equipment works the same way as the vampire rune . after each kill you get 2 hp back . these effects stack with other weapons and runes . see this answer for more information about vampire , siphon , and balance runes .
repairing an item gets you no extra gold . i just tested this myself . boots that sold for 53 gold and had only 80% durability were then repaired for 4 gold . they were still selling for 53 gold after the repairing .
there is now a way to see which way the sentry will start . no way to determine which way it will rotate , but you can at least make sure you are not standing in it is way when it starts . take a look : here , you can see where the sentry is going to spear out . it is almost due north . the closer it is to activating , the more pronounced the effect gets : so now that you now where it is going to start , you can be that much safer before it activates and kills you instantly .
i do not have access to minecraft on linux at the moment , but that command line looks suspicious . give this a try : java -Xms512m -Xmx1024m -cp "$HOME/.minecraft/bin/*" -Djava.library.path="$HOME/.minecraft/bin/natives" net.minecraft.client.Minecraft "$USER"  if it still is not working for you , knowing what does happen ( error messages , lets you in but has wrong name , … ) would be helpful for further troubleshooting . :- ) edited : work on ubuntu 12.04 x32 *p . s . : after "$user " you can also add "$PASSWORD" "$SERVER" *
life steal and spell vamp do not proc based on the damage bonus source of the skill ( ad versus ap ) , nor is it based on the damage type ( physical versus magical ) . it is actually based on the kind of skill . in general , spell vamp is the only drain effect that affects skills . all of lee sin 's skills , despite all being ad-based physical attacks , use spell vamp and spell vamp alone . akali is an example of a somewhat physical champion whose attack skills are all spell vamp-based ( her innate life steal is to benefit her auto-attacks only ) . even skills like ashe is volley , which applies her frost shot effect ( but only that , the key point being as you will read up soon ) , will use spell vamp . life steal generally applies only to your auto-attack , but it also applies to skills that apply on-hit effects . for example , blitzcrank 's power fist deals 100% extra damage and pops the target in the air in addition to applying on-hit effects ( for items like black cleaver ) . this benefits from life steal instead of spell vamp . other examples of skills that benefit from life steal would be irelia 's bladesurge , ezreal 's mystic shot , and gangplank 's parrrley . as far as i know , there is no skill which benefits from both spell vamp and life steal . it is always one or the other .
each dlc should take around , approximately - 1 hour to 1 1/2 hours to complete . as there are going to be more dlc releases in the not too distant future , it is hard to determine how many will actually be released .
as far as i understand it , the only thing that matters for enchanting is the level of creature or human you soul trap . so it does not matter if you use a human soul or a creature soul . however , nearly all soul gems only trap creature souls : only black soul gems will trap human souls . and black soul gems are pretty rare . black soul gems ( including the black star ) work on humans of any level , including common npcs like bandits . so if you are looking to expand your soul trapping opportunities , having nelacar repair it is prudent . however , siding with nelacar will prevent aranea from ever becoming a follower , which might not be what you want . while it is stated to only hold black souls ( humanoids ) it can actually hold all types of souls , making it a straight up upgrade , as long as you are willing to go that way in the quest line . in terms of a quest to collect all the daedric artifacts , i am not aware of any in game . however , if you are an achievement collector , all three platforms have : oblivion walker collect 15 daedric artifacts but both versions of the azura 's star count for it , so choose whatever you want . and as an aside , there is an oghma infinium quest , just not in the same style as oblivion : the reward for the quest discerning the transmundane is the oghma infinium , one of the 15 daedric artifacts .
i ran through the game once on normal , and was reasonably nice to everyone i met and avoided conflict . i am now running through on 1999 mode , and murdering all the things . there is very little difference - even if elizabeth is present and i am skyhooking some poor woman 's face in , she does not seem to mind . despite her empathy towards the downtrodden in certain locations , i can murder them up with no difference in her demeanor . collateral damage from a firebomb into a mixed group of enemies and innocents also does not seem to faze her . she just sort of nonchalantly leans against a wall as their faces melt off . there are a couple of qte encounters where you can spare or be friendly towards folks , and i shot first and asked questions later without any substantial changes to the dialog . in some of the harder modes , going hostile in areas where you do not have to pick a fight can cause complications . for instance , there are some peaceful town areas that do not look heavily patrolled , but hard enemies and automatons will spawn if you cause trouble . however , i have found i can hit and run and not really fight all these optional enemies if i choose not to . unlike the scripted encounters where a locked door will prevent you from proceeding until combat is resolved , you can steal/murder/etc with impunity as long as you can run faster than they can . eventually you will trigger another scripted sequence and the enemies will despawn . i will also mention that i can not recall a time when i looted a non-hostile character 's body and found anything - if you are low on ammo or looking for money , this is certainly not a reliable way to get more .
doh , turns out there is a gold rank , single use item that lets you reset your powers/respec for multiplayer . sounds like it only affects a single character too , so it is not nearly as easy to respec as i hoped . you had have to buy it from the store , in a veteran 's pack . it is a rare item , andyou only have a chance pf getting it . i have not got one yet to confirm though .
they are native to sera . humans of sera has no relation to earth , afaik . you can check this link for full storyline . my link there are a couple novels explaining the complete background and the story in between two games , available on amazon and other book retailers .
because minecraft is digitally signed . meta-inf contains the manifest , but also a signature file ( MOJANG_C.SF ) that accounts for all the files within the jar and their checksums , and mojang 's actual signature ( MOJANG_C.DSA ) . when that signature checks out , you know it was not tampered with and comes from a trusted source ( in this case , mojang ) . when you do tamper with it ( by installing mods ) , the signature is invalid and minecraft will not start at all . by deleting the meta-inf directory , you remove the signature completely . depending on your security settings , you might get an " unknown publisher " warning , but you will be able to run it . more detailed info : jar file specification
nope ! there is nothing preventing you from holding leadership positions in all 4 major guilds ! ( after you finish the respective questlines , that is ) bard college and the civil war quests are also fair game ( though you do have to pick a side in the civil war ) .
turns out that mech commander appears to have hardcoded in a preference for video cards that were current at the time . the solution is to go into the install directory and delete the two files involved in this : badcard.csv vidcard.csv  after removing those , performance increases to what you would expect .
well , since i am now at that point in the game , i can answer my own question . this message is shown to you when starting a new game+: new game+ allows you to start any chapter while retaining all the relics , talents , and essence from your last playthrough . however , your current savegame will be deleted ; are you sure you want to continue ?
the range and damages are computer on server side . after the update we made some tests that confirm this . another proof of server side damage computation is that sometimes , when you are attacking a portal , you still see a last resonator on it but after a " force sync " , portal is neutral .
after some mind-numbing research re-re-re-replaying the first scene , here 's some thoughts and numbers . each kill gives 30 points a " novelty " kill gives an extra 100 ( a sword kill from behind counts as novelty , not sure what else does ) . i think only the first novelty kill in a scene gives the bonus killing all possible targets gives 500 bonus " headshot " and " fatality " also seem to give bonus , but i have not quantified that however , the most important effect is the score multiplier . the multiplier seems to be determined like this:- every kill during an explosion ( grenades and oil tanks , not spring razors ) adds 2 to the multiplier , and the score accumulated during the explosion is multiplied by this number at the end . if you have several explosions almost simultaneously , then they share a single multiplier . any other kills occuring during the explosions ( eg spring razors ) also increase the multiplier . for maximum score , you want to kill as many as possible via simultaneous explosions , and - ideally - make sure you kill the final target during the explosion to get the 500 bonus multiplied up as well . here 's a few examples , using the first scene:- kill 3 targets using pistol/springrazor ( no explosions ! ) : 3 * 30 = 90 points kill all 4 targets using pistol/springrazor ( no explosions ! ) 4 * 30 + 500 = 620 points kill 3 targets using single whaletank explosion ( 3 targets = 6x multiplier ) : 6 * 3 * 30 = 540 points . but , to get better points , you need to do it like this:- kill first target using sword 30+100 bonus ) = 130 then , kill remaining three using whaletank : ( 6x multiplier ) 6 * ( 3 * 30 + 500 ) = 3540 for a grand total of 3670**
this shall help a lot https://yogscast.com/showthread.php?29349-minecraft-stronghold-finder!!-1.8.1 you need your seed , then get a program that is a fortress locator , it will tell you the coordinates of all 3 fortresses . this is for strongholds , not nether fortresses .
there is no reason to not simply help all three - every merc group you gain the help of shows up as part of the " terminus fleet " war asset . i have picked up all three , and the terminus fleet is listed at 200 strength .
outcomes ( spoilers ) collector’s base saved in me2 readiness rating &lt ; 1750 – earth is destroyed regardless of whatever decisions you made . readiness rating 1750 – choose to save the reapers and the earth will be saved . readiness rating 2050 – choose to become a reaper and the earth will be saved . readiness rating 2350 – choose to destroy the reapers and earth is destroyed . readiness rating 2650 – choose to destroy the repears and the earth will be somewhat destroyed readiness rating 2800 – earth and the galaxy will be saved once you’re able to create synergy readiness rating 4000 – choose to destroy the reapers and save anderson to see shepard alive . readiness rating 5000 – choose to destroy the reapers and fail to save anderson to see shepard alive . collector’s base destroyed in me2 readiness rating &lt ; 1750 – earth is destroyed regardless of whatever decisions you made . readiness rating 1750 – choose to become a reaper and the earth will be destroyed . readiness rating 1900 – choose to destroy the repears and the earth will be somewhat -destroyed readiness rating 2350 – choose to become a reaper and the earth will be saved . readiness rating 2650 – choose to destroy the reapers and earth will be saved . readiness rating 2800 – earth and the galaxy will be saved once you’re able to create synergy readiness rating 4000 – choose to destroy the reapers and save anderson to see shepard alive . readiness rating 5000 – choose to destroy the reapers and fail to save anderson to see shepard alive . there are numerous ways to increase readiness and depending on your import save status , single player decisions , multiplayer skill , and multiplayer time , the " most efficient " way to manipulate readiness does not really have a universal answer for players .
you have to hold the z ( pc ) , r2 ( ps3 ) , or rb ( xbox 360 ) key for a while to charge the shout and use more words .
no , darius ' ultimate will still hit you . this is not because of anything special with darius ' ultimate , but more with how blind works . it mostly deals with auto-attacks and does not affect abilities . blind the target will miss auto-attacks , incurring the message " miss " above their attack target . blind only mitigates the physical damage portion of an attack , including physical damage sourced from a physical on-hit effect . other damage types and effects will not miss . see : on-hit effects . abilities that apply on-hit effects will also miss . blind is considered a form of damage mitigation . as such , it is applied after thornmail 's passive . does not interrupt channeling . the duration is affected by crowd control reduction . the effect can be removed by all cleansing effects ( except for mikael 's crucible ) . blind will not affect certain champion abilities . ( e . g . riven 's passive runic blade ) blinded enemies will only miss if they attack while blinded . ranged units will still hit if the projectile fires before the blind . if ayne is blinded , she can only proc her silver bolts if she tumbles . normal auto attacks do not proc silver bolts while blinded ( tested ) champions with blind : teemo , quinn
camera can not be changed in game for whatever stupid reason . you have to go to main menu and select " camera " from the options . the bottom selections ( three of them ) deal with depth and the like . you can go to default which is 0 or move it up to 15 the pull the camera back more .
i believe a hallowed biome will prevent them from spreading . these can be created by planting hallowed seeds , which are gained by smashing a demon altar with a pwnhammer . edit : i have discovered i was mistaken about how to get hallowed seeds . you do not directly get them from the demon altar , but instead buy them from the dryad after smashing the altar .
the simple targeting priority for units is that they will attack something that is attacking them if there is nothing attacking them they will attack the first unit they encounter , then buildings . ie . you attack a probe with a marine , a zealot starts attacking the marine , after the probe dies , the marine will attack a zealot .
unfortunately if you want to remove the lava completely and then be where that pool is gravel/sand really is the best way to go about clearing that out . the only alternate that i can think of would be to bucket every block of lava out and then put it into a single block area . this would then just require a single piece of gravel to get rid of . if you are good at bucketing then this might be a bit faster and save you on some shovels .
going blind from reading the scrolls only happens in the lore of the game ( and to one npc if you have the dawnguard expansion ) . you can try to read an elder scroll however many times as you like , but your character in skyrim will not be affected .
because i apparently can not plug the uni-wiki enough , their page on research explains most of what you are looking for : skills required laboratory operation i research i ( 5% bonus to blueprint manufacturing time research per skill level ) science 1 ( 5% bonus to blueprint copying speed per level ) metallurgy 1 ( 5% bonus to material efficiency research speed per skill level ) you should have production efficiency trained to level 5 before you even start producing . helpful skills advanced laboratory operation ( +1 lab slot per level ) cybernetics 5 ( allows to plug in special implants that speeds up the research process ) implants the beancounter hardwiring series you can reduce this waste by researching the material level ( me ) of the bpo . you can see the design waste on the bpo under wastage factor . this is always 10% ( 0.1 ) except for some rare items that have a 5% ( 0.05 ) wastage factor . drones used to have a 5% wastage factor , but apparently they do not anymore . by researching the bpo we can reduce the design waste using the following formula : 1 + base wastage / ( 1 + me level ) . using the above formula on a bpo with 10% base wastage , we can calculate our production waste ( assuming pe skill at level 5 ) to be : ME0 - 10% ME1 - 5% ME2 - 3.3% ME3 - 2.5% ME10 - 0.9% ME50 - 0.2%  as you can see , training your me level from 0 to 10 reduces the waste from 10% to 0.91% , thus reducing the waste by over 9% in simply 10 levels , whereas training a further 40 levels ( 11-50 ) only takes off 0.7% ( from 0.9% to 0.2% ) . the following graph can better illustrate the effect of training me to higher levels . a general rule of thumb used by the producers is that 30 days of research is usually sufficient . the productivity level of a blueprint , as mentioned above , affects the manufacturing time for each batch made with the blueprint . specifically , it reduces the manufacturing time by ( productivity level ) / ( ( 5 + 5 * productivity level ) ) which results in the following progression : PL 1: 1/10 reduction in time PL 2: 2/15 reduction PL 3: 3/20 reduction PL 4: 4/25 reduction PL 5: 5/30 reduction ...and so on.  for example , suppose that manufacturing a batch of something normally takes 60 minutes to manufacture at productivity level 0 . at productivity level 5 , this is reduced by 5/30 , or 10 minutes , thus the manufacturing time for one batch is 50 minutes . increasing the productivity level of a blueprint is usually not as important as increasing the material level of a blueprint . it might be important in cases where the blueprint is being used to manufacture almost continuously or in cases where the manufacturing time for a single batch is extremely long .
non-special enemies are your regular police units , fbi agents , swat and hostage rescue units . gangsters and guards are also considered non-special . special enemies ( taser , sniper , bulldozer , shield and spook ) can be marked for your team during an assault so that is another way to test whether or not an enemy is special . source
most ap champs can use zhonya . the ones that make the most use of it are the ones like swain that have an ability that keeps going even when using it . swain , morgana , kennen , fiddlestick ( ults ) and karthus ( defile ) are the ones , of the top of my head , that have such abilities that will keep going while under zhonya protection . it can also be used on squeesh ap champs that use it for the protection only and that they need to be in the middle of the fight to deal the most damage , like fizz and katarina . it is a life saver . it may be used on kassadin but with his escape ability , it usually not as useful . it will be seldomly used on annie , brand and the other ap champs that usually are not in the middle of the fight in case they get there and needs time for another cycle of spells . other ap champs can still use it but some do not generally use it , like diana and orianna . you will not see many people running zhonya on those 2 .
you deal 70% of the damage with the melee and then the remaining 30% is dealt over 5 seconds . the power also gives you a health and shield bonus of 25% and a melee bonus of 15% making the trade off worthwhile . sidenote when you get this up to rank 6 the melee damage boost is brilliant and makes the whole tree amazing if you are a fan of melee . ( for the most fun with melee krogan warlord sentinel )
i found out that my motherboard was of a type that would not run shogun without an update to the bios . after i updated the bios the game worked perfectly
i have been trying to do this for weeks and i set myself a rule that i would not call cs nor cancel my dd . as a uk user the " automatic renewal:" status is not a link : automatic renewal:&nbsp ; &lt ; span id="ctl00_ctl00_maincontent_maincontent_automaticrenewalstatus"&gt ; on&lt ; /span&gt ; it is ridiculously simple to turn it on , but turning it off the same way is deliberately impossible . edit : http://forums.xbox.com/9/31086471/showpost.aspx#31086471 ( faq and guide - how to turn automatic renewal off please read ) contains the gem " note : the auto renewal on/off feature was removed from all markets except usa , germany , taiwan and japan on the 18th of february 2010 . " wonder why . . ?
apart from jammers there is not much you can do to stop the scans . as you may have already noticed there is a small indicator telling you the progress of the search right under the minimap . if this bar reaches 100% the police has located you and you have to get out of the search area asap . the bar goes up whenever you are in an active scan ( jammers can interrupt this ) and it will slowly reduce its % as soon as you leave a scan area . once it reaches 0% the scans will stop ( there are some exceptions ) . sometimes escaping the police can be easier than escaping the scans ( you can perform takedowns on cars while the scan is an " invisible " enemy ) but then again there are some missions where the scans will just restart . for escaping the scans the most important thing is not really speed but vehicle handling . with the fastest car ingame you could technically outrun a scan but usually they just place another one right in front of you as soon as you leave the previous scan area . what really is key is maneuvering the car fast . make sure you take a road where you can cut alot of curves . usually there will not be more than 3 scans active at once and if you zigzag you should not have too many troubles escaping all of them . if you really have to run through one ( let 's say there is a scan right on top of your mission destination ) you can still use your jammers .
tellraw allows for a " selector " part , which takes any selector you want and displays a name . you should do : /tellraw @a {"text":"","color":"blue","extra":[{"selector":"@p"},{"text":" has won the game!"}]}  this will only work in 1.8 snapshots and above . there is no way to do this in older versions .
change the graphics on fast . dont run any other programs like skype , etc . open up task manager and set the the minecraft . exe to high priority . also put the view distance on the lowest setting you can .
here 's how to breed a copper dragon : the dragonvale wiki page explains : the copper dragon can be bred by selecting a metal dragon to mate with a lightning dragon at the breeding cave/epic breeding island . you do not need any hybrid dragons , just metal and lightning dragons . you will know you have a copper dragon when you get a breeding/egg time of 20 hours . alternately you may get a magnetic dragon with a breeding/egg time of 4 hours . copper dragon eggs look like this : and the baby will look like this : all images from dragonvale wiki : copper dragon
have you tried clearing the system cache ? you may have a corrupt update that causes the problem .
protoss : observer photon cannon terran : raven missile turret zerg : overseer spore crawler
are these the stones you are talking about ? according to this page on the seikens , the smiling totem stones were just an easter egg : if you hit them with the sword ( and yes , that is only with the sword ) , you will hear the sound of a bush being cut down , and notice that the totem pole is now sticking its tongue out at you . hit it again , and it will disappear . you can do this as many times as you like , and even try to action all of the totem poles in the forest to try and reveal some hidden secret , but you are just wasting your precious time .
if you mean the red and white double-ended pointer in the top-left of the screen , directly below the section with your level and xp , then that is a compass pointer and certainly should be pointing north , either to your north or the map 's north . if it is not then maybe you need to calibrate your phone 's compass . alternatively , if you mean the coloured triangular pointer ( i think the colour depends on your faction ) near the middle of the screen , then that should be showing your current ( approximate ) position , and it should be pointing in the direction that you are facing ( again if it is not , then you may need to calibrate your phone ) . you can tap the compass symbol in the top-left of the screen to toggle between the map showing north-up ( so the compass pointer in the top always points straight up and the triangular pointer near the middle turns to show which way you are facing ) , or tap again to have the map rotate as you turn round ( this means the triangular pointer always points up , and the compass and map rotate as you turn around ) . if you are moving , then the triangular pointer also has a trail of light grey copies of itself that show your movement trail , and give an approximation of the speed you are moving at by the distance between them .
yes , they do . a number of battle .netthreads discuss it , but this one takes a serious look at group composition and confirms that the theory is sound . the standing speculation is that this will be changed as it is a very powerful combination .
it is the same game , with slightly improved visuals and obviously modified for touch-screen control .
here are places that exist in both the game and the real world : black mountain bonnie springs boulder city callville bay cottonwood cove goodsprings guardian peak hoover dam ivanpah dry lake lake las vegas lake mead nellis afb nipton the old mormon fort primm red rock canyon national conservation area searchlight searchlight airport sloan spring mt . ranch state park the game also contains numerous locations that are parodies of real-world locations . i will start with casinos , since you asked about those specifically : the bison steve casino is based on buffalo bill 's resort and casino . notable similarities include the large outdoor sign featuring a bison/buffalo and the presence of a roller coaster . the vikki and vance casino corresponds to whiskey pete 's hotel and casino . vikki and vance 's " death car " and artifacts are on display in the vikki and vance 's main hall , whereas whiskey pete 's has an exhibit containing the car and clothing bonnie and clyde died in . the atomic wrangler ' s exterior sign is topped by a neon cowboy who looks somewhat like the iconic vegas vic . the wrangler moves one of his arms , much like vic did before 1991 . the silver rush ' s sign looks a lot like the sign the golden nugget used in the middle of the 20th century . the lucky 38 casino bears a resemblance to the stratosphere tower . the remaining in-game casinos ( gomorrah , the tops and the ultra-luxe ) do not seem to be based on real casinos . and now for other locations : bitter springs camp and bitter springs recreational area are located roughly along the path of the real-world bitter springs trail . camp forlorn hope is located at forlorn hope spring . camp guardian is located at guardian peak . camp mccarran is set up in the remains of mccarran international airport . freeside is meant to be the remains of fremont street . helios one is a reimagining of the solar project . the ivanpah race track does not exist , but it may be a reference to the fact that the land speed record for a wind-powered vehicle was set at the real ivanpah dry lake . jacobstown comprises the remains of mount charleston lodge . the jean sky diving shack is presumably located in the town of jean . the ncr correctional facility seems to be the now-closed southern nevada correctional center . novac ' s t-rex , dinky the dinosaur , is a play on the cabazon dinosaurs , dinny the dinosaur and mr . rex . the southern nevada wind farm may be a reference to the searchlight wind farm , a wind power plant that was planned at the time of the game 's release and has since received government approval . the welcome to fabulous new vegas sign is a modified version of the remains of the welcome to fabulous las vegas sign . in the game , a monorail system connects camp mccarran with the strip . las vegas does have a small monorail system , but the portion of the monorail connecting the strip to mccarran is only in the planning phase . this list is incomplete . anyone can edit it to add or correct stuff . to look for entries to add , go through the list of f:nv locations at the fallout wiki . there should be a note if it is a real world location .
first try to figure it out on your own . it is not that hard after all . you are looking for a part to fix the malfunctioning switch in order to turn the powers back on , and to open the door . you can find many of these parts in the room next to the control room on the table next to the wooden boxes . pickup the switch and take it to the control room . insert it into the malfunctioning slot , turn the powers on and be on your way .
you have to close the eshop and keep the system on the home menu , but other than that , there really is not anything else to it - it just needs an internet connection . however , note that the eshop can sometimes be extremely slow to download from . you may be in for quite a wait ; i have once waited about an hour for one of the demos to download . if all of them continue to stay stuck at 0% , try canceling them and queueing them up again . you might also want to just download them directly from the eshop , without using sleep mode ; this seems to occasionally work a little better .
carry a carry is a hero who is weak in the early game but extremely strong in the late game , especially with high-cost items . the other players have to " carry " this hero through the early game so that he can farm up to be successful , and in turn he will " carry " the rest of his team through the late game by melting enemy heroes . one thing to note is that carries generally remain fragile for the entire game , so you still can not be too aggressive even if you do get farmed up . the general strategy of any team fight revolves around keeping your carry alive and killing the opposing carry . carries are the primary source of steady dps ( as opposed to burst damage ) on your team . initiator / tank an initiator is a hero who can get in on a group of enemy heroes and be disruptive enough to allow his allies to get in and start dealing damage safely . initiator is a dangerous role to play , and you can expect to die a lot if you are unskilled or have unskilled teammates . if you rush in to initiate , and your teammates do not follow , you are going to be dead for no gain . the initiator usually has multiple stuns and enough damage output that it is dangerous to ignore him . tanks are generally the same as initiators , although calling something a tank usually also implies that it has a lot of hp . a tank must be a good initiator in order to be effective , or else it is too easy for the enemy team to ignore him and carry on through a team fight taking out higher priority targets that are easy to kill instead . ganker in lol , this is also called an assassin . gankers specialize in moving quickly or invisibly and dealing huge burst damage to a single target . they also usually have some way to stun or immobilize their opponent . the playstyle of choice for a ganker hero is to pop in unannounced and completely ruin one opponent 's day before he really has time to react . when an enemy gets too comfortable laning , a ganker should come along and coordinate with his teammate in that lane to get an easy kill . jungler a jungler is a hero with good sustainability and good ganking ability , although it is not necessarily as dedicated as a ganker . junglers tend to have low-cooldown , low-cost abilities that they can use frequently to deal damage to creeps or keep themselves alive . they also usually have at least one disable so a surprise attack against an enemy in a lane will give them more of an advantage during a gank situation . a good jungler must be able to keep up with his teammates in experience without relying on lane creeps so he does not steal experience from his teammates . support a support is a hero who is best when teammates are around . they tend to be ineffective in combat by themselves , but can turn the tide of a team fight by empowering their allies around them . support characters usually have multiple abilities that can buff allies in various ways , by increasing their damage output , decreasing their damage taken , healing them , and sometimes even making them invincible . support characters are usually highly mobile , so they can move around the map quickly and help wherever they are needed most . because of this and their lack of reliance on items for themselves , they are generally responsible for placing wards in strategic locations around the map . pusher a pusher is a hero who specializes in taking down waves of creeps extremely quickly . by doing this , they are able to keep pressure on the enemy tower early and often win their lanes first by taking down enemy towers quickly . in the late game , pushers can use the creeps to push a tower extremely quickly , sometimes before the enemies can even react . sometimes , pushing this hard in the early game can be counterproductive , because it leaves you open for easy ganks and gives your opponents the safety of having their tower right there for cover . pushers ( at least in lol ) are not required for a good team composition .
here is all you need to know about the mystery watcher location 1: location 2: location 3: location 4: once you have all 4 sigils : scanning the fourth symbol that the watcher leaves behind will automatically take you to the batcomputer screen . use the right and left sticks to rotate and move the sigil so that its four points match the four locations in which you spotted the watcher . doing so reveals the watchers final location : the eastern side of the church . scan the symbol on the wall there to complete this side mission . final location :
it is actually sort of confusing . there is a lot of posts out there , including from official swtor sites that do not tell the whole story . most of them suggest that there are not inherit stats . which is sort of true , but not totally : from swtor stats and attributes : due to the extreme amount of gear customization in tor , developers want you to be able to take any orange item ( orange = fully moddable ) and use it all the way to max level if you prefer . in order to achieve this , weapons and armor both have a dynamic stat on them which changes based on the level of the mods you have placed inside the item . rating – increases the damage done on a weapon . you’ll see this listed at the very top of a lightsaber or blaster’s tooltip . the stat itself does absolutely nothing except increase the damage done — think of it as the ‘item level’ stat you’re used to seeing in games like world of warcraft . armor – armor , which you should be more familiar with , increases energy and kinetic resistances ( more on that later ) , is the dynamic stat increased on pieces of equipped gear . so , for an example , if you take an orange lightsaber with all level 1 mods in it , compared to the same lightsaber with all level 10 mods in it , the rating stat will be much higher , and thus so will it’s damage . same goes for armor on those pieces with armor on them . ( which is a good summary from this really long swtor . com forum thread that did have an op post in it that clarified the situation to what we know now . ) the op explained that this dynamic stat is important so that modded items can drop from bosses on instance and still have some inherit value so that the first boss in an instance is not farmed over and over for only the mod pieces . the above swtor . com thread also discusses one important bug that is confusing a lot of people . if you do not equip the weapon/armor or relog after modifying it , the tooltip will not accurately reflect all the correct stats based on this dynamic stat modifier . depending on what you change , when , and what is in it now , the numbers in the tooltip can be a lot higher or lower than they really are . update : some additional clarification from the official devs : orange armor gets it is armor value from the ' armoring ' mod you slot in . if you exchange it for something better , the armor value increases along with the stats . it is always the first mod in the list that determines the intrinsic properties of the orange items ( e . g . armoring on armor , barrel on guns , etc . )
the items in the lost and found section is just extras , except for some weapons and the disguises . if you find the weapons that are in the safe house and the disguises then it becomes unlocked and you do not have to pay for them with your contract cash . the other items i think is just for replay value .
nothing is different about the levels , only the checkpoints are missing so when you die it resets the level .
you can not do a " fast switch " to auto attack for the same reason you can not switch to another skill : you are supposed to plan carefully your game style , and manage accordingly your resources . anyway there is a whole thread in the official forum dedicated to the auto-attack question , and the general consensus is that you should never get to the point where you have to use your auto-attack , especially as a caster . you should always have a skill ready to use , even if the monsters resist your primary or secondary .
this answer is current as of patch 2.0/reaper of souls the answer to this question is now a lot simpler than it was when the auction house was around , and different difficulties were more ambiguous about their effects . now you can increase your gold per hour in three primary ways : bounties and nephalem rifts after completing act v , you will unlock access to adventure mode , which will allow you to undertake bounties and occasionally nephalem rifts . in each of these modes , you are given a specific task to undertake in certain parts of the game , usually killing a certain mob or clearing an area . once you do that , you are rewarded a substantial sum of xp and gold , in addition to any that you earn along the way by killing mobs or completing a side quest like a cursed chest . in nephalem rifts , particularly , mobs come fast and furious which create ideal conditions for lots of gold drops . raise the difficulty the higher the difficulty , the more gold will drop . however , it is up to you to find the sweet spot between what difficulty allows you to move quick enough to make the bonus worthwhile . i.e. is it better for you to run 4 bounties per hour on torment i or 6 per hour on master ? normal enemies have 100% health , do 100% damage . no xp or gold drop bonuses . hard enemies have 200% health , do 130% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 75% . expert enemies have 320% health , do 189% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 100% . master enemies have 512% health , do 273% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 200% . torment i enemies have 819% health , do 396% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 300% . torment ii enemies have 1,311% health , do 575% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 400% . torment iii enemies have 2,097% health , do 833% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 550% . torment iv enemies have 3,355% health , do 1,208% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 800% . torment v enemies have 5,369% health , do 1,752% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 1,150% . torment vi enemies have 8,590% health , do 2,540% damage . xp gains and gold drops both boosted by 1,600% . the table above comes from this site . increase your gold find percentage as in vanilla d3 , increasing your gold find stats will provide an increase to the amount of gold dropped . you should balance this , however , with finding gear that makes you more effective at killing mobs , thereby increasing your throughput . luckily , on most gear , gold find is considered a " secondary stat " and does not take away from primary skills like dexterity or crit chance . you will need to find your own balance of quantity of kills vs . quality of kills . you can also increase your gold find through the paragon leveling system . keep in mind , as above , you will be taking points from other areas that might make you more effective in combat , such as " life on hit " . but this is a good way to increase your gold find without finding specialized gear . since you can reset paragon points at will , this may be a good way to increase gold find on difficulties where you do not need the other utility stats .
here are some facts about the various abilities : yorick 's ultimate omen of death : omen of death has the lowest priority in terms of revival because it does not resurrect the champion , only revives them temporarily . this means that if an ally were to die while under the effects of zilean 's chrono shift or guardian angel as well as omen of death , the champion would be affected by the one that prevents death . zilean 's ultimate chrono shift : chrono shift will always take precedence over other revival abilities , like guardian angel and rebirth ( anivia 's passive ) . mordekaiser 's children of the grave : if children of the grave kills a unit affected by omen of death , then yorick 's ultimate will trigger first . so , chrono shift has the highest priority . next would be yorick 's omen of death , followed by mordekaiser 's children of the grave . rift myths has a video of the interaction with mordekaiser and yorick ultimate : note that mordekaiser got a ghost because he killed the yorick ghoul before his ultimate had timed out . edit : kaelvonrik correctly points out that mordekaiser 's ultimate would be removed at the champion 's death , then the champ would be revived by the zilean 's ultimate . so , no mordekaiser ghost would be spawned . so mordekaiser would need to use his ultimate after the revive by zilean , but can cast it once yorick ults as long as he kills the yorick ghost before it times out to finally receive his ghost .
devout : the unit deals +3 ( physical ) damage against heretic units and is affected by certain types of abilities , spells and effects ( e . g . unholy champion , holy war ) . the devout/heretic concepts are modifiers used by theocrat leaders . evangelist , exalted and martyr units are automatically devout . the mark of the heretic spell causes an army to be marked as heretics .
magic resistance stacks additively , and is calculated via this formula ( assuming positive mr ) : damage taken = raw damage * ( 100 / 100 + mr ) 25 magic resistance → ×0.8 incoming magic damage ( 20% reduction ) . 100 magic resistance → ×0.5 incoming magic damage ( 50% reduction ) . source magic penetration is applied in this order : flat magic resistance reduction percentage magic resistance reduction flat magic penetration percentage magic penetration source magic penetration stacks multiplicatively . void staff ( 40% magic pen ) and the arcane knowledge mastery ( 10% magic pen ) together equal 46% magic pen . source we can see that the types of magic pen are very important , because buying flat magic pen ( sorcerer 's shoes ) makes % magic pen ( void staff ) less effective . unless the enemy has a lot of mr ( ex : galio ) , it is not worth it to buy multiple types of magic pen . compare some examples with a base mr of 30 . with 0 magic pen , 100 magic damage does ~77 damage . with arcane knowledge , we ignore 10% of 30 mr ( 27 mr total ) and deal ~79 damage . with sorcerer 's shoes , we ignore 20 mr ( 10 mr total ) for ~91 damage . with shoes and arcane knowledge , we ignore 20 mr + 10% of 10 mr ( 9 mr total ) , or ~92 damage . we can see that for low values of mr , increasing magic pen provides very little gain . it also shows how effective flat mr is vs low amounts of mr , whereas percent reduction is not . now let 's consider a large mr , say 200 and 500 magic damage . with 0 magic pen , that is ~167 magic damage . arcane knowledge reduces the mr to 180 , or ~179 damage . sorcerer shoe 's are the exact same here . with shoes and arcane knowledge , we ignore 20 mr + 10% of 180 mr ( 162 mr total ) , or ~190 damage . if we add a void staff to these 2 ( discounting it is bonus ap for simplicity ) , we get 200-20-72-11 ( 97 mr total ) , or ~254 damage . it is safe to say at this point that unless the champion is stacking mr , you will do more damage buying ap instead of magic pen . a notable exception to this rule is soraka , because her passive provides a substantial mr aura . tl ; dr : runes , masteries , and sorcerer 's shoes provide enough magic pen vs most champions . only buy additional magic pen if the enemy champion has over 100 mr .
this post is a wiki post . please feel free to edit it , but with first-hand information only . first-hand testing has established that the Ghost rating is still achievable with : a camera becoming " suspicious " . a guard getting " alarmed " by seeing an indirect effect , like a door opening . killing or knocking-out enemies with a takedown from behind . killing someone with a headshot , as long as they did not have a chance to see you . knocking out an enemy with a tranquilizer dart to the head . ( you will see the Marksman reward . ) however , you will not get the rating if : anything causes your minimap to turn red . this includes enemies finding bodies , and enemies/turrets opening fire . note that the Smooth Operator reward is an " easier " version of Ghost , which only applies to avoiding triggering installed alarm-systems , not detection or combat with guards themselves . ( it cannot be rewarded for passing areas that lack such systems . ) Smooth Operator is used for the Foxiest of the Hounds achievement .
level downscaling will downlevel your character to the maximum allowable content level for that area . so this will affect all your primary stats , toughness , vitality , power and precision . when you open your hero panel you will see your main stats on the right in white , and next to them on the left you will see your ' effective ' stats in green . these are the numbers that you are going to be using . as these numbers are changed this will effect your damage , hp , crit chance , etc . the thing with you feeling more powerful is that you still have the higher level gear . so for example , if you are lv30 you might have an amulet with +11 power . you go to a lv10 area , and fight with players who at lv10 can not even equip an amulet . now i am assuming , but let 's say that the downscaling is a % , then your overall stats will be higher , meaning you will be stronger at lower level because of your better gear . you are by no means at all invincible , but you will certainly fare a little better due to having more or better gear . the real killer is that as a higher level you will have traits and skills available which lower levels will not . you can also use your elite skill still , if you have unlocked it . so there are some advantages to revisiting the lower level areas . i think most people 's experiences of this will be doing each of the race 's starter areas once they have finished their own . you can read more on the wiki , http://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/dynamic_level_adjustment character level adjustments have a limit , however . the level-adjustment system won’t let a level 1 character go head-to-head against a level 80 character with much chance of victory—a level 80 character is still going to have more bonuses on their gear and access to a full complement of utility and elite skills that players just don’t have at lower levels . this is not to say that the high-level character will one-shot the level 1 player , but they will have a clear advantage . http://www.arena.net/blog/mike-ferguson-on-guild-wars-2-world-vs-world edit since jan 28th 2013 , the downlevelling has changed . https://www.guildwars2.com/en-gb/news/dynamic-leveling-adjustment/
you can change quest , but you will have do the quest from the beginning , instead of resuming from where you were . if you were at the beginning of a quest , you lose nothing . if you were in the middle of a quest , you may have to repeat a little . but i think it is not a big deal . you will probably farm the game for hundreds of times anyway . : )
it is the same as in diablo ii . there are no reductions , the item just becomes unusable once the durability reaches zero .
so , it turns out that i was wrong , and there is another faster way ! start act 3 quest 1 . go down into the armory , through the town , and into the beginning of the next zone . you should be there with the private who is about to have an unfortunate meeting with a meteor - mash the spacebar to get him moving . you have got two choices here for dealing with the mobs coming down - pull them to where the meteor 's going to hit , or aoe them all down yourself . go for whatever 's fastest for you , keeping in mind that a massacre or mighty blow bonus here means extra xp . once they are all dead , run back to to the portal , pass through it , and now you are technically in town - leave the game . . . . and resume it . you will be right inside the portal again , listening to our poor unfortunate private , and with a fresh pack of mobs running down the stairs . rinse and repeat . it is tedious , but it currently boasts the best xp/hour numbers by a significant margin . this method works in normal and nightmare , to boot , so it is good xp farming wherever you may be ( as long as you can get a lift to a3q1 , anyway ! ) the below answer technically no longer holds the speed throne , but is preserved in case the above one eats a nerf or a hotfix - currently , the fastest way to pop from ~57 to 60 is the high heavens rush , joining public games and stomping iskatu flat in seconds . essentially , it is like your method - worse loot , but notably faster due to a reduction in load times and the rapidity with which four players can melt iskatu - especially if archon wizards are lurking around . for what it is worth , i personally used this method to get the last experience i needed , and it is very quick . . but around the twentieth time listening to imperius , it gets a little tedious .
throw it away - as you have mentioned its bind on account and cannot be sold on the auction house . the plans for the later difficulties are not farmed , they are purchased from a vendor in act 4 so to get the recipe for the nightmarish staff you need to do the following : start a nightmare game on act 4 quest 4 part 2 ( the prime evil - enter the crystal arch ) go to gorell the quartermaster , near the healer and the followers . buy the plans : nightmarish staff of herding . go to the blacksmith and use the plans . craft the nightmarish staff of herding by having 200,000 gold and the staff of herding in your inventory . it is worth noting that the chance that gorell has the recipe is not 100% - if he does not have it in your game simply leave the game and re-create it until he does . you will need to do this for each difficulty , so nightmare for the nightmarish plans , hell for the hellish plans , etc . hope it helps
the console version has hardmode , and a number of weapons , armors , and enemies not present on the mobile version . http://terraria.gamepedia.com/console_version http://terraria.gamepedia.com/mobile_version
there are some exceptions for the wind wall . some of them are ( most likely ) bugs and others are projectiles that do not dissapear but just can not pass the wall . list . spells/auto attacks that are blocked are bold you can assume the rest is not blocked . if there is as spell with special behaviour i will point this out . the list would be too long if i counted every spell that does not get blocked . champions where no spell/aa can be blocked are italic aatrox e ahri everything ( r damage only ) akali q alistar none anivia q , aa , e annie q , aa ashe aa , w , e , r amumu q blitz q brand q , e ( if cast on ablaze target ) , r , aa caitlyn aa , q , e , r cassiopia e , aa chogath e ( passive ) corki q , r , aa diana q , w darius none mundo q draven everything elise q , e , aa ( human form ) evelynn q ezreal everything ( e damage only ) fiddlesticks e , aa fiora none fizz r ( fish will not dissapear , it just can not move through the wall ) galio q , w gankplank q garen none gragas q , r graves q , w , r ( projectile only , not cone ) , aa hecarim none heimerdinger aa , q ( aa ) , turret ( passive ) , w , e irelia r janna aa , q , w jarvan none ( q is ranged but it is a meele weapon ) jayce , aa ( cannon stance ) , q jinx aa , w , e , r karma q , aa karthus aa kassadin q katarina q , r kayle q , ( aa are no projectiles , so they will not get blocked ) kennen aa , q khazix w kog maw q , aa , e leblanc q , e aa lee sin q ( sonic wave only ) , e ( cripple only ) leona e lissandra q , e , aa lucian w , r , aa lulu q , w , aa , passive lux q , w , e , aa malphite q malzahar aa , q maokai q , e ( does not get destroyed but can not pass the wall ) master yi none miss fortune aa , q , r morgana q , aa nami q , e , r , aa natilus q , e ( r not blocked . maybe a bug ) nidalee q , aa nocturne q nunu e olaf q ( stops moving when it hits the wall ) orianna aa , q , e ( the ball can not pass the wall and shield will not happen ) pantheon q poppy none quinn q , aa rammus none rengar e renekton none riven r rumble e ryze aa , q , e sejuani r shaco e , w ( aa ) shen q shyvanna e singed none ( do not know if w is a bug because you can see the liquid mid air ) sion q sivir q ( will bounce back to sivir ) , w , aa skarner e sona everything soraka aa swain e , r , aa syndra r aa ( strangely e is not blocked both orb and knockback . maybe also a bug ) talon w , r taric e teemo aa , q thresh q , w , e ( his aa are connected to him and are no projectiles ) tristana e , r , aa trundle none tryndamere none twisted fate aa , q , w twitch aa , w , r urgot aa , q , e undyr none varus aa , q , e , r vayne aa , e veigar q , r , aa vel'koz q , w , e ( his auto attacks are not considered projectiles vi none viktor q ( shield gets denied ! ) , e , r ( still moveable but dot gets blocked ) , aa vladimir aa , q ( heal only . damage still works ) , e volibear none wukong none xin zhao none xerath aa , e ( q could also be a bug since it is not blocked ) yasuo : q , w ( 2 windwalls will negate eachother ) yorick none zac none zed q , w ( shadow stops at the wall ) ziggs q , w , e , r ( only when the bomb is visible so at start and end ) , aa zilian aa zyra aa , range plant aa , passive , e for items or special things here 's another list of things that get blocked : caster minion aa baron nashor aa dragon aa deathfire grasp blade of the ruined king blackfire torch bilgewater cutlass mikael 's crucible spoils of war ( shield lasthitting projectile ) things that are not blocked but still are projectiles somehow : turret hits fountain turrets vilemaws net attack i am pretty sure this list is accurate but there can be some mistakes after writing for 1 hour ; )
if you have high speech skill as well as smithing a lot money can be made by using the " transmute " spell to turn all your iron ore and silver ore into gold ore . then smith that into jewellery ( if you have gems i would use them ) and sell those to belethor or other traders . you will need to have some of the speech skill perks and a reasonable level or you will lose money , not gain it . make sure you do not smelt the iron before using transmute because the spell only works on ore . you could also spend time killing strong enemies ( dragons mostly ) or doing thieves guild/dark brotherhood quests because they are very profitable . lastly , if you are willing to glitch a little there is a whiterun glitch ( works on all platforms ) . which is shown here . there is an alternate way of getting out of whiterun by hopping on a barrel along the wall near the warmaidens , but this method should work .
it is probaly the ingame info mod by daftpvf , which allows you to add lots of info to the screen . it can be downloaded from the thread on the minecraft forums
you should enchant your gloves by throwing chocolate bars into the well . pink gloves are great for the forest ( they give you health regen ) . also , you should kill the monkey wizard in the cave for a better weapon . enchanting and using his staff should make the forest level easy , especially if you already have 220 health . the forest is a roadblock at first but if you can clear out the cave it'll be easy .
even though fallout wikia states that some gra mods can be used with non-gra weapons , i cannot find any mod that actually fits the description . this means that all the gra weapon mods require gra weapons . edit : i just tested the gra assault carbine extended mags mod on the normal version of assault carbine and it did not even come up in the mods screen .
new and updated answer info applies to current season 3 summoners rift buffs : lizard ( red ) buff blessing of the lizard elder this unit is physical attacks slow the target 's movement speed by ( 8/16/24 ) % ( at levels 1/6/11 ) for melee attacks and ( 5/10/15 ) % for ranged attacks deal ( 8 + level * 2 ) true damage . golem ( blue ) buff crest of the ancient golem regens 25 flat mana per 5 seconds regens 1% mana ( or energy ) per second 20% cool-down reduction . increases max energy ( cannot find source saying exact amount ) both red and blue buffs last for 2:30 minutes without runic affinity and 3 minutes with it . if slain , both buffs transfer to the killer . nashor buff exalted with baron nashor 40 ability power 40 attack damage 3% of your maximum health in health regeneration per 5 sec . 1% of your maximum mana in mana regeneration per 5 sec . lasts for 4 minutes with or without runic affinity . if slain , the buff is lost but not transferred unlike the blue and red buffs . twisted treeline buffs : vilemaw ( brownish ) buff crest of crushing wrath bonus health regeneration bonus mana regeneration increased attack speed 20% cool-down reduction ( no source can be found with exact details , but this info was found on the wiki ) lasts for 2:00 minutes or 2:24 with runic affinity . if slain , buff is lost and not transferred ( same as baron buff on summoner 's rift ) . altar buffs one altar +3 gold on unit kill two altars +3 gold on unit kill +10% attack damage and ability power capturing an altar will give +80 gold to all players on the capturing team and vision of the altar buff is permanent as long as you own the altar . altars first open at the 3 minute mark and are locked for 90 seconds after being captured . once unlocked the other team can capture and lock it for themselves . crystal scar ( dominion ) buffs : shrines when walking over shrines , the player gains a 30% movement buff . these areas are neutral , so both teams can utilize them . lasts 10 seconds or 12 with runic affinity health relics " it seems to give you 15 + 1.25 x level % of your champion 's max health ( pending testing . ) " add 2 points to your personal score these areas are neutral , so both teams can utilize them . greater relic / storm shield increased champion model size . - a shield of 212.5 ( +12.5 x level ) . - passively detonate a lightning blast inflicting 90 ( +10 x level ) magic damage on champion auto attacks and damaging spells . mark of the conqueror this buff is granted to the first team to complete a " quest " on dominion . +10% to all damage types 50 seconds or 1 minute with runic affinity proving grounds ( aram ) buffs : ( same as dominion health relic ) health relics on both maps , it seems to give you 15 + 1.25 x level % of your champion 's max health ( pending testing . ) these areas are neutral , so both teams can utilize them . formatting taken from @theorise
no they do not . notch tested sheep regrowth but then removed it some time ago . it is planned for the future though , because animals are now persistent . source , source 2 , source 3 .
the nes comes from the "8-bit era " of consoles , which included the nes and the sega master system . these consoles are based around 8-bit processors , which generally store and process data 8 bits at a time . in computer parlance , 8 bits make one byte . many nes games have a limit of 255 on certain items ( such as the legend of zelda 's rupee counter ) because 255 is the maximum unsigned integer that can be stored in 8 bits of data . in the early days , this was a serious limitation on computer technology , and many workarounds were needed in order to program even moderately complex games like punch out ! that included large sprites with many frames of animation . as computer technology evolved , so did the processors available for video game consoles . the snes featured a 16-bit chip , the playstation a 32-bit chip , and the nintendo 64 featured a 64-bit chip . however , the number of bits the processor generally handles at a time is only one measure of the performance of the system ; the original xbox was based around a 32-bit pentium iii chip 5 years after the release of the nintendo 64 . at the same processors were increasing in complexity , their overall computing power increased as well , and the cost of storage ( both in terms of memory chips and optical media ) declined . the intersection of these technological improvements and the rise in popularity of video games as an entertainment media is what caused the increase in complexity and graphical quality that we see in video games today . the "8-bit " moniker used to describe the nes and its peers is the same distinction we talk about today when we talk about a "64-bit " pc processor or "64-bit windows " - these architectural terms are ones we use in more areas than just video games .
this is a rather broad question , since it really depends what you intend to walk through . ( wow is a large world , and there is a lot to do . ) at wowhead you can find user comments regarding just about anything in the game - quests , boss fights , zones , items , you name it . wowpedia has a lot of the same information , but they also have class-specific guides and " spec " builds . so , for example , if you want to know how to build a druid to do end-game raid healing , there is a guide for that . wow insider has columnists that cover everything from world events to specific class minutiae . ( despite the domain name , it is not an official site . . . ) those are the big 3 that i look at on a regular basis .
as far as the xbla version goes , yes , a few people have earned it . microsoft does not have anywhere publicly available that lists full numbers of how many people have acquired achievements ( that i have ever seen or heard of ) , but 2 sites that i use show them for anyone who has registered . their stats are pulled from users public xbox profiles which is the best proof i can give . jitterbug trueachievements users - 681 of their tracked users who have the game ( 26% ) giantbomb users - 123 users w/ game ( 4.7% ) invincible trueachievements users - 579 users w/ game ( 22% ) giantbomb users - 97 users w/ game ( 3.7% )
this question gets a bit tricky to answer . . . starting from scratch , if you buy just vanilla wow , you can experience the original world as it has been destroyed by the cataclysm expansion . you can level up to level 60 , but cannot access professions , areas , races , or other such things from any of the other expansions . in order to access outland , jewelcrafting profession , and draenei ? / blood elf races and starting areas , and level 61-70 , you will need vanilla wow + the burning crusade expansion . in order to access northrend , inscription profession , and death knight class , and level 71-80 , you will need vanilla wow , burning crusade expansion , and wrath of the lich king expansion . oh , and a prior level 55+ character on your account to play as a death knight . in order to access the misc cataclysm level 80+ areas , archeology secondary profession , worgen / goblin races , and level 81-85 , you will need vanilla wow , burning crusade expanion , wrath of the lich king expansion , and the cataclysm expansion . those are the restrictions . you can play on whatever realm you want with whoever you wish . you just may not be able to reach all the areas they can . you can trial every bit of it with the 10 day trial , though i do not quite know how they treat it when your time is up .
most of this answer refers to the way rubies displayed their effects prior to patch 1.0.3 . i have left it intact because while rubies no longer display a range , the behavior or applying +minimum damage before +maximum damage persists , and does occasionally cause some weirdness in exactly how much benefit a ruby and other similar affixes provide . so , it is actually a lot more complicated than it first appears - it seems that the benefit of the ruby is actually subject to a couple of bugs regarding how damage bonuses are calculated . the short version is that weapons with narrow damage ranges - which are usually slower , and lower level weapons - tend to receive a slightly larger benefit from rubies . this in turn is what has caused the vast majority of testing , which tends to be done with low level gems on level 15-20 weapons to be so inconclusive - the effect i am about to describe basically washes out at higher levels . this is because the calculation is . . . strange . as an example , let 's take a look at this axe , which provides a useful test case because it does not have any elemental damage on it . ( elemental damage is handled slightly differently , and more importantly , is applied after the addition of damage from the ruby , so you need to calculate it back out before evaluating most weapons . note however that flat +min/+max modifiers are applied at the same time as a ruby , and can be simply aggregated ) . as you can see , the ruby brings the axes total damage from 13-22 to 23-34 , a bonus of +10-+12 . the reason is because when a ruby is socketed , it works in the form of two separate modifiers , of +10 to minimum and maximum damage . the +minimum is applied first , taking our 13-22 axe up to 23-22 -- but since the max can not be lower than the min , we have to bump the minimum up to min+1 , or 24 damage . then , after this , the +10 max damage bonus is applied , bringing us to , you guessed it , 23-34 . this effect tends to get washed out on weapons with a large damage range , so it is typically not noticed at higher levels . if you had like to see more of the math , including how this interacts with elemental damage , % damage modifiers , etc . , i would direct you to this reddit thread . the takeaway from this , for most players , is that you can evaluate the value of a ruby in most weapons simply by using the lower bound listed as a flat modifier . the only edge case is at very low levels with very slow weapons - a circumstance in which a ruby is better than all other options no matter what , anyway .
as mentioned , the only thing skins change is the appearence . no stats are affected nor supposed to be . if they were , people would fully classify lol to be a pay2win game , which few does at the moment . one thing to note though , is that some skins can change the appearence of their spells . i have noticed some times that the abilities are actually harder to spot by the eye on certain skins . an example is pulsefire ezreal , whom in my opinion is harder to track some of his abilities on . his skill shots gets a bit harder to see exactly where the hit area is . i can aswell imagine frostfire annie and her abilities to be a bit more hidden during the winter version of summoners rift . a clear difference is the nocturne original and nocturne halloween skin . the nocturne halloween skin 's shadow ability almost cuts through your eyes due to its strong colors . it might appear to be a bad thing , but can be useful to drag attention with when you are going tanky with him . but basicly , the only thing skins might improve your gameplay with is visual advantage to a low extent , and the feeling that you must win because , hey , you got a skin ! edit it seems as if singed 's poison had been purple all along . never mind this case : for example surfer singed ( used to ) have an other color on his poison trail . it was purple , and it has harder to spot than the normal green one . i noticed enemies running into my purple poison sometimes because it was quite hidden in the brown ground . that is however altered now since they increased the visuals on his poison and made it green for all skins .
sadly , no . i wish there were . at least one does not exist on the ios version .
while searching for why ghandi likes nukes i came upon the chart i had in mind when i was asking the question . ( click to embiggen ) how to read the table the listed ai values represent how likely an ai leader is to : - decide upon a way to win - react to what you and the other ais do - react to wars , wonders being built , city-states etc . - build units , buildings , wonders and what type the higher the value , the more likely the ai will act according to that strategy . for example , alexander has a very high score in pursuing a diplomatic victory . he might not take that route , but its very likely . oda nobunaga has a very low " warmonger hate " score . he is very unlikely to hate you if you are a warmonger . there is still a die roll involved ( and other factors like distance from your civ etc . ) but these tables should give you a very solid base on which you can plan your game so it affects diplomacy in the way you want it to . exact columns mean the following : competetiveness victory : chance of getting the " they think we try to win in a similar fashion " diplomatic penalty wonder : chance of getting the " they covet wonders we built " diplomatic penalty minor civ : chance of getting the " we compete for same city-states'" diplomatic penalty boldness : unknown diplobalance : unknown , possibly chance for getting diplomatic penalties for attacking or denouncing a nation you have declarations of friendship with . diplomacy warmongerhate : chance of diplomatic penalties for wiping out ais , city-states and starting wars denouncewillingness : chance of denouncement , based also on number of active penalties dofwillingness : chance of wanting declarations of friendship , based also on active bonuses loyalty : chance of them backstabbing someone ( war or denouncement ) neediness : how likely they are go ask for resources/gold with dof active forgiveness : chance of the ai forgiving old grudges ( diplomatic penalties ) chattiness : how likely they open up the screen and comment . meanness : unknown flavor offense / defense / city-defense : how likely they are to invest into offensive/defensive units or city defenses ( walls , castles , military bases ) . military training : chance of building barracks , armories , stables etc . recon / ranged / mobile / naval / navalrecon / air : chance to build certain unit types navalgrowth / navaltileimprovement / waterconnection chance to build lighthouses , seaports , fishing boats , harbors expansion , growth , tile improvement , infrastructure : how likely they are to build settlers , workers , make tile improvements , roads production , science , gold , culture : chance of building production , science , gold , culture buildings and focus on working those tiles happiness : chance of building happiness buildings gp , wonders : first unkown , could be chance of building gardens or employing specialists , the other one is for chance of building wonders religion : unused ( leftover from civ4 ) , currently affecting chance of going piety branch ( positive ) and going space victory ( negative ) diplomacy , spaceship : how likely they are to go for un or science victory nuke : how likely they are to build manhattan project and to build and use nukes . major civ approach neutral / friendly / guarded / hostile / afraid / war : how likely they are to decide upon having one of the stated attitudes , considering all other modifiers already in place deceptive : how likely their stated attitude does not reflect their real attitude . this is exactly the same model as was used in civ4 ( can declare at friendly , pleased , cautious ) but otherwise does not affect current diplomacy ( an ai that can declare war at friendly and is thus deceptive , will still give you 300 gold for a luxury resource ) . cs approach ignore / friendly / protective / conquest : how likely the ais not to care / invest into ( and do quests ) / defend ( civ x declares protection over cs y ) / conquer a city state . source : civfanatics
these items have absolutely no uses beside selling them , so feel free to sell those broken flight computers and alien entertainment centers as soon as possible .
the question comes down to is it textual language , or spoken ? if it is textual then i am sure it is possible ! this mod will solve the issue . that is if you can get the admins on the server to install it . if it is spoken , i either suggest asking them to play without sound either via minecraft it is self or the client being used . i do not know how to do this though . as a heads up , the two main voip ( ? ) services are mumble and teamspeak .
for the most part , it is random loot . the one placed resist fire piece i can think of -- ancient helmet of the unburned -- can not be disenchanted . of course , that might also be the solution , since it grants 40% resistance . you get it in a dungeon during a college of winterhold quest . otar 's also nice ( 30% resist against all elements ) . but if you are not ready for some tough bosses , you can either get lucky with loot , or just visit armor sellers until one of them sells it . or you can create a potion , since this has a very specific , time-limited purpose . any pairing of the following will work : bone meal , dragon 's tongue , elves ear , fire salts , fly amanita , mudcrab chitin or snowberries .
when the patch goes live , your current 2.0.6 character will be retained with all your current gear , stats , and builds . the ptr character only lives there . they are used for testing and when the ptr is taken offline so is that instance of your character .
a cheese build is any build that is generally unstable in the long-run , but is used to exploit a single weakness . the term " cheese build " is closely related to the term " cheesy " . 3 . ( informal ) of poor quality through being overdramatic , excessively emotional or clichéd , trite , contrived , shoddy 4 . ( informal ) of a solution to a problem , inelegant , showing no skill ( see brute force method )
the only zones that have actually been removed from the game are the old 40 man version of naxxramas in epl , and zul'gurub . aq20 now has a 10 person limit , but it is still there and unaltered ( you just need to zone in through the portal in a 10 man raid ) . naxxramas also lives on , but it is been moved to northrend , had a bit of a retrofit , and now accommodates 10 or 25 players , and onyxia 's lair was similarly resized , but not moved and is substantially less changed . in patch 4.0 , deadmines and shadowfang keep were rebuilt from the ground up with new characters , lore , and bosses that continue the stories being told in their respective exterior zones post-cataclysm , and to reflect the changes brought to them in years past by adventurers who have come before .
the thing about " upset at being relieved from duty " and " depressed from long patrol duty " at the same time is a known bug . the problem is that going on break does not actually reset or decrease the counter of how long the dwarf has been on duty , so when he goes back on duty , he thinks he is been working for an ever-increasing amount of time . having orders with fewer than 10 minimum should fix this , but it has its own problems . as you note , it does count as being " relieved from duty " , which is a problem if your military dwarfs have no civilian skills . additionally , it runs afoul of another known bug having to do with training rotations , which causes all the dwarfs in the entire squad to be momentarily " relieved from duty " every month so that new dwarfs get a chance to participate in the training order . the training order is pretty unreliable to begin with . dwarfs have extremely busy lives , and often it is just too difficult for them to actually schedule a group training session . supposedly this will be fixed sometime soon . the only workaround i know of is to quickly train your military dwarfs up to the elite level ( with a danger room ) , which causes them no longer to complain about long patrol duty ; then just keep them employed all of the time .
using the c-gear 's wireless function , you want to look for the entralink . this will teleport you to a physical location in the game world that can only be accessed via the c-gear ; it is counter-intuitive , but it is basically like the underground from gen4 . in this area , you will have the option to catch pokemon befriended from the dream world . this lets you capture them in whatever ball you want rather than being forced into using a standard pokeball . they are willing to be caught , it is not difficult .
when i played my hots through the first time , i didnt reach level 70 at first , and didnt get the achvement , obviously . then i did it on brutal , and didnt get 70 again . but when i started to do the missions seperatly ( after brutal and to get the missing achievements ) i got the achivement , even from playing one of the first char missions ( where your not suposed to be level 70 ) . it stacked my levels from the brutal playtrough and then doing the seperate missions . why ? i dont know ! but it would seem , judging from your screens , that you played some of the missions before , or have re-started the game once , just to start over on the campaign . so that the level achivement will stack up from the games you play . my conclusion , based on my experience , is that the levels in the achivement stack up through seperate campaign plays . edit : see the dates of my achievements .
you can use the xcom toolboks mod to speed up combat in several ways : speed up time in combat up to 9 times , with hotkeys to turn it on and off remove the alien detection dance remove the 1.75 second delay after activating hunker down and overwatch . there are many other options , one particular time-saver that does not have to do with combat is the ability to set the chance of successful psi testing , which saves a lot of time if you are saving and reloading to make all of your dudes psionics .
not exactly . when you beat the game you will be able to replay with a new character starting over from level one . however , you will now already have all of the swords that you forged in your first game . this is how you get the ability to forge the swords that require prerequisite swords from first characters . so , you will not start over with all of your previous abilities and life and equipment , but you will have a much nicer selection of swords ( though you will not be able to use them for a while ) . additionally , there is an even harder difficulty setting that is unlocked . i forget the exact name , but it is exceedingly difficult . the game-play is basically that of shura ( hard ) except that you never level up and you have a single hit point . what this means is that if you get hit , even once , you die . it is certainly a very compelling challenge , but probably not what you are looking for ( i could barely even beat the first boss ) .
there is no way your friend got those buffs legitimately . the max duration for the ironskin buff is 5 minutes and swiftness buff is 4 minutes . buffs also do not stack in effect or duration . your friend cheated those buffs . sources : terraria wiki buffs terraria wiki potions ( notes )
not really , especially if you intend to use the smithing> enchanting> smithing exploit to make an incredible weapon , but the nightingale bow does come relatively close . if you are lacking in enchanting or smithing skill , this is a valid option to replace leveling these skills just for that reason . http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/nightingale_bow
so it seems heavy classes cannot buy shrike . i switched my class to soldier and went to inventory station , and then i was able to buy shrike .
there is no co-op campaign . you can only co-op in online multi-player and zombie mode .
beyond the destruction bonus , they provide a way for a barbarian to preserve and build fury . the other classes with resource-generating attacks&mdash ; monk and demon hunter&mdash ; gain no benefit from raging out like this as their pools either do nothing ( monk ) or slowly recharge anyways ( demon hunter ) .
here are the instructions to install the game and everything . this links directly to the game itself that is inside the above link , most probably you can handle installing it and figuring out how to open the game yourself without having a step by step with pictures .
not sure with mw3 , as i do not have it , but with cod4 , mw2 etc the reason that an smg was great , was usually because it is " lighter " than an assault rifle and therefore you can sprint longer with it . so for the more agile players it is preferable to a heavier weapon . the ump45 in mw2 was an excellent weapon , especially in hardcore mode .
aside from the things you mentioned : records can be farmed ( semi-automatically ) , with this ingenious contraption . cooked food - raw food is easily collected with vanilla mobtraps , this trap cooks the meat too ! this one uses pig spawners , but just modify your vanilla trap to kill with this method to harvest cooked instead of raw meat from all mobs . melons and pumpkins can be farmed using buds . mushrooms are easily farmed , since they spread by themselves . eggs can be farmed snow with snowmen ice with a bud to detect the freezing water cocoa beans nether wart i will continue to think about this , let me know if there is anything to be added .
okay , apparently fixing the sound fixes everything else . open the ' sounds ' applet in control panel , go to the tab for recording devices , right click , and choose ' show disabled devices ' . from here , select and enable the recording mixer , and then the sound works fine . this is a solution for windows 7 , and it also works for windows 8 ( which i am using ) . after the sound started working , the scripted events also work , and now i am able to proceed further .
you can . your characters are stored in Documents\My Games\Terraria\Players . to copy a character , you only need the .plr file . usually they are consecutively numbered in the order they are displayed on the character selection screen , but this is not always the case . you can use an inventory viewer ( for example , terrariviewer ) to make sure you have got the right character file .
for cases such as the above , where a hybrid dragon includes opposing element types , it is not possible to use basic dragons . since the basic dragons are opposites , they will not breed , and that is why they get greyed out as options . in order to breed these dragon types , it is necessary to choose at least one hybrid dragon in the pairing . for best chances , pairing a basic with a hybrid will reduce the number of other potential unwanted dragon types that can result . so for example by this logic fire + lichen ( cold hybrid ) would be a better choice to attempt blue fire than brass ( fire hybrid ) + lichen ( cold hybrid ) .
permanent is relative here , if you ever feed your pet another transformation fish he will go back to his original form once that one runs out . the only advantages i know of it is that you can then sell these webfish ( for whatever they earn you ) and you do not have to micromanage your pet eating things anymore . the default pet has a small disadvantage to the " fished " up pet in all cases , the spider pet has his web , the crab his bonus defenses , . . .
since the 2.0.1 update came out , elemental damage has been the bread and butter of every class . every skill in the game was given an elemental type ( fire , poison , holy , physical etc . ) in order to allow player to benefit from the new items affixes +x% to element damage let 's take a quick example : you are playing wizard with the skill ray of frost . as you can see , the skill deals 510% weapon damage . let 's assume you have a legendary bracer that add 20% damage to cold skills , ray of frost now deals 510% x 1.2 = 612% . now imagine you have a stone of jordan equipped aswell giving you another source of 15% cold skill damage . since elemental damage is additive your total bonus to cold skills is simply the sum of all your bonuses . it will be calculated as follow : total bonus = 1+ 0.2 ( bracer ) + 0.15 ( stone of jordan ) = 1.35 . ray of frost will now deal 510% x 1.35 = 688,5% weapon damage . as you can see , stacking %elemental damage is immensely powerfull and provide a more stable dps than crit hit chance ( chc ) . the chc and crit hit damage ( chd ) are complementary and rely on each other to be efficient ( you need a good balance between both in order to output a good dps ) . a normal character will usually get about 9.23% total damage increase from the 6% critical hit chance stat ( because it depends on the chd number and the attack speed for more or less crit hit ) . if , instead of that stat , you went with 15% element damage you would be getting a huge 15% total damage increase to all your element skills . what the 2.0.1 has brought with this stat is sustained damage . you do not have to rely much on the 50% chc and 400% chd to deals big damage but instead your damage are better constantly . of course a well end geared character will benefit from both elemental damange and the couple chc/chd . but at low level or when your gear is not finished , i would advise to go for elemental damage when given the choice .
i got the same message , but it turned out i was pressing ' e ' to equip the shout , and not ' r ' to unlock it . if the shout you are trying to unlock is three words long , you may need three souls to unlock it . you may have the wrong shout selected . skyrim 's ui is tricky sometimes , and you will have a different menu item highlighted than you think .
a good storage location , especially if just starting the game , are containers in anise 's cabin - no need to purchase a house , or join an organization . this cabin may be one of the first inhabited locations you encounter upon escaping from helgen . the cabin 's basement is non-respawning , meaning that all containers are safe for storage . several of the containers on the ground floor of the cabin are also standard safe containers ( e . g . , the cupboard and dresser ) . be careful , as the barrels are not safe . this makes anise 's cabin a good starter home , since it has an alchemy lab , an arcane enchanter , a bed , safe storage , and is a fast travel destination . however , you cannot ask a spouse to move here . also , the uesp wiki lists safe locations for storage in skyrim . safe locations are places that never respawn . therefore , every container in the location ( even a common barrel or sack ) is safe for storage . unless noted otherwise on the place page , only the interior areas of these locations are safe — i.e. , only regions that are entered through a door that triggers a loading screen , and have their own map , separate from the exterior map . in a few instances , there may be quest-related changes to the location ( as noted on the individual place page ) , but otherwise the game does not modify the contents of a safe location .
it is a light gun . it has a single light sensor in the tip , which picks up light from the part of the screen it is aimed at . given that the crt tvs used at the time essentially instantaneously displayed the signal sent from the console , this was quite sufficient . i have never used a zapper myself , but according to the wikipedia article , it worked as follows : when the trigger is pulled , the console would display a flash of light from the location of each target in sequence . whichever flash produced a pulse from the sensor indicated a hit target . using even finer timing ( which , again according to the wikipedia article , the zapper was not capable of ) , arbitrary locations on the screen can be identified by detecting the pulses resulting from the sweep of the electron beam across the screen . all of this is fundamentally dependent on the low-persistence nature of crts : each location on the screen emits light only when the input signal passes them as it sweeps out the entire image . this is very different from modern lcd displays , where each individual pixel is a device which changes state ( slowly ! ) between passing or blocking light from the backlight , and the timing of the display change is dependent on the internal digital processing in the display .
all units that are in your territory after you research optics will receive the embark upgrade , allowing them to travel across water tiles . astronomy will turn your littoral navy into a full-fledged blue-water navy , allowing your embarked units ( and ships ) to cross oceans .
inside you will find an maxim tomato . but you need to let it open up for you to get what is inside . after you pick it up and drop it , it will eventually open . it will not open while you are holding it . it does not open up immediately that way you can take it with you as far as you can . particularly useful if you are playing multi-player and think you might need it later . one of you could pick it up and carry it with you until someone needs it .
the damage from the little bugs that the wasps put out is poison damage . you can increase your resistance to that either through intelligence stacking or straight up +poison resistance gear . another way of mitigating the effect is simply to stack a little more vitality to absorb the health impact . those bugs can make quick work of anyone with a low health pool ( as my monk found out very early on ) . however , the best way to go is probably just to make them priority targets . melee will have a tough time running them down without some teleporting abilities , but ranged dps can make quick work of them , as they have fairly low hp .
i do not have experience with gta iv , but it sounds similar to the controls/physics for vice city : do not hold the keys down as much , try tapping more . this will give you more incremental steering until you get used to the controls a bit more . finish your turns early , there is usually a bit of inertia that will keep you banking . relax , you are going to be more tense when you feel clumsy , take a few attempts and mess up on purpose just to get a feel for the heli , crashing into buildings/water , flipping upside-down etc .
the disc just has the game data , to play you need to have a registered copy of diablo 3 on your battle .netaccount . your friend should already have registered the key that came with his disk to his account so you will not be able to use it with your account , but you can use the disc to install the game on your own computer if you want and buy a digital copy of the game for you own battle .netaccount .
i suspect they meant to say " ganking " .
my copy came along with a card with a code for the the stone prisoner/shale dlc pack which retails for $15 . the same card also had a code for blood dragon armor in mass effect 2 . the dlc itself is pretty short , but the character you can add to your party is not bad . in my opinion , it is not worth $15 to buy yourself , but you are not missing out on a whole lot .
like you said , all gear that is dropped going forward will roll based on the monster level , rather than the item level . this means that , at monster power 0 , all items in act 1 are effectively ilvl 61 , act 2 are ilvl 62 , and acts 3 and 4 are ilvl 63 . at monster power 1 and up , all items dropped in inferno are ilvl 63 . period . the only difference is the base armor or damage that rolls on armor and weapons . if you are looking to maximize your armor , then , yes , you will still want to only pick up archon armor . otherwise , as long as the monsters are level 63 , just hoover everything you can get your hands on . since jewelry does not have inherent armor or damage , ilvl is now a useless stat for it ; an ilvl 58 ( minimum inferno level ) amulet can potentially be as good as an ilvl 63 amulet . for weaponry , though , you may want to be more picky . since weapons can roll +% damage , they get a bigger bonus from the higher base damage on higher item level weapons . overall , though , the difference between an ilvl 58 and an ilvl 63 is going to be minimal .
as with any mission , you have to go into that patch of the map ( press " e " when you are on the tile ) and have to find the entrance of the mission . then you can rescue that survivor within that mission . this is normally done by escorting him out of the mission alive . those missions are also offered normally , without using any scrolls .
strength each point increases barbarian 's damage by 1% each point increases armor by 1 for every class vitality each point increases your life ( dependent on your level , higher level=more vitality per point . see below for formulas ) for every class life when player level &lt ; 35 = 36 + 4 × level + 10 × vitality life when player level ≥ 35 = ( level - 25 ) × vitality source intelligence each point increases wizard 's and witch doctor 's damage by 1% each point gives . 1 to all resists for every class dexterity each point also increases monk 's armor by 1 with the seize the initiative passive unlocked at level 20 . each point increases monk 's and demon hunter 's damage by 1% each point increases chance to dodge for every class source
there is one worthwhile cooking/food item : elsweyr fondue provides a massive magicka boost with an absurdly long duration . other cooking items are primarily just low level health and stamina consumables and can easily be ignored unless you are serious about role playing . other than that , it is just another crafting mechanic that dlc and modders can easily hook into , so we might see more useful stuff in the future .
community wiki because this answer will be one of constant discovery by myself ( and possibly other helpful users ) , i have made this answer a community wiki answer . anyone with the rights to edit it should feel free to contribute based on personal experience or other sourced information . please make an effort to keep the list in alphabetical order for the sake of easy reference . : ) key best combinations - ' amazing ' according to the game good combinations - ' not bad ' according to the game Positive - unknown what the game indicates exactly but they were mentioned to be positive combinations list action ninja robot samurai sumo adventure cowboy detective fantasy Mushroom mystery Pirate audio novel detective Historical horror mystery romance board checkers chess life animal dating mushroom pop star swimsuit motion dance fitness Mini-skirt Ping Pong volleyball music drums movies pop star online rpg dungeon fantasy Game Co. medieval dungeon online sim architecture mushroom stocks puzzle reversi word racing f1 racing marathon motorsport snowboard Swimming rpg dungeon fantasy medieval mushroom shooter ninja robot War simulation Architecture dating game co . Golf Lawyer movies mushroom romance stocks town train virtual pet soccer table checkers mahjong trivia movies mushroom sources some items on this list were compiled from other sources : touch arcade gamefaq
a tactical insertion can be destroyed by an opponent when it is found . it can be found significantly easier with the ' hacker ' perk . in addition to that , enemy players will sometimes claymore or camp a tactical insertion for a free kill . there is a ' cancel ' tactical insertion button , but the actual functionality of it seems to be very flawed ( so do not rely on it ) . the power of the tactical insertion should not be underestimated though . specifically in tactical games ( capture the flag comes to mind ) you can lay your tactical insertion near your objective and muscle your way in . i have also found it very useful in maps with questionable spawns ( like nuketown ) as it can prevent you from getting repeatedly spawn killed . hope this helps !
if you are thinking of the pc pause , where you could press space to pause and assign commands to your main and allies , the console equivalent is the radial menu . pause the game by pressing the l2 button to bring up the radial menu . from there , you can cycle through your characters by pressing l1 or r1 and issue orders . when you close the radial menu , the orders will be executed .
the best place to learn everything about league of legends is its very own website . another great source to learn even more , however best visited after you have learned at least a bit of the basics , is the wiki . as @nimcap mentioned a great way to practice is against easy difficulty bots in custom games that you can make from the in-game menu . there are also tips and hints everywhere that help new players become introduced to the game . one example is if you look on your champions page in your in-game menu you will see some champions are listed as recommended . these champions have been specially designed to be easy to learn and use , just for newcomers like yourself ! you might also have noticed that each hero has a recommended item loadout displayed when you open up the in-game shop during a match , to help players such as yourself with quick and easy item recommendations until you get the hang of things enough to make your own educated choices . your question specified a tutorial and the best ones can be found in these places . the first is in-game . there is a built in tutorial the game itself offers you right with all the other game modes accessed through the play button . another good place to look was already mentioned by @nimcap , the mobafire website . see his answer for the link . the league of legends website was already mentioned at the start of my answer , but i am going to mention it again here with special focus on their forums . there is all kinds of posts there to help new players , including but not limited to an entire section of their forums specifically devoted to tutorials for new players . any stickied post should be sufficiently detailed enough to help you with just about any question you could ask . i will close with a generic peice of advice . league of legends ( and respectivly dota or any other m.o.b.a. ) tends to be extremely difficult for new players . it is obviously not the same for everyone , but for most the learning curve is very steep . this is further aggravated by the fact that the player base ( the people you end up gaming with in your average random game ) tend to be very unfriendly to new players , because they do not want to loose and see you as a hinderment for their team . do not be discouraged , do your best to ignore the flaming that will inevitably occur , and simply learn from your mistakes and try again . good luck !
theoretically , the same button combination used for initiating a throw is also the one used for escaping from a throw . of course , since i am unaware of the particular combo you were subjected to , it is hard to say what your options were , exactly . the game actually gives you a visual cue which indicates moments when you can escape from a throw . green or purple exclamation marks above your head indicate a window of opportunity to escape a throw . if they appear with a red x over them , that means you cannot escape the current throw . all of this is covered in this guide ( scroll down a bit if it does not jump to the right location ) .
this is out of the diablo 3 signature series guide . note : as of june 8th , monsters no longer receive a damage buff on higher difficulties .
there is one , pretty expensive way : name the zombie using a name tag . name tags can only be found in dungeon chests outside the creative mode . you rename them using the anvil , and then apply to given mob . once named , the mob will not despawn . of course , hostile mobs will remain hostile , mortal and in case of some , like creepers , suicidal , but at least they do not despawn . additionally , you get monster 's name combined with health bar over their head .
so i found out for the first part . i found an easy testing method . although my raw dps was too random to test anything , i could use a little trick . if you do not know , hydra have a fixed attack speed and damage . each of the head make the same damage and it takes everything into account ( even your attack speed while hydra 's as remains the same ) the damage of the heads is calculated when cast . that means hydra damage is fixed and very reliable . the test method is as follow . i only equipped the weapon ( which does +25% bonus damage against beasts ) . so i found myself with a really low dps and fixed damage ( when it does not crit , but even crit damage are fixed ) . then you need to run and/or have a friend to tank things . i tested the damage on different type of mobs . those with which i do not have any bonus and beasts mobs . i did 36 599 damage when no bonus and 45 749 to beasts , which is exactly +25% damage . i then tried hitting different type of elite beast-like mobs ( elite with the same model than beasts , but without the beast affix ) . on unique , yellow and blue i did 45 749 damage , which means the +25% bonus applied on them . that also means elite keeps the type their model belongs to , they just does not show it in the affix . so , yeah , bonus damage against {mob type} apply to elite mobs of the same type . as a side note , this also means " pig sticker " ( +x% dmg against beats/human ) and tyrael ( +x% damage against demons ) can be more powerful than anything else because they provide a big bonus you do not find anywhere else , and which works against elite . i need to find item who does bonus damage against undead and reaper now . edit : now , the secondary question : how does " bonus damage against beasts " interact with " bonus damage against elite " ? additively or multiplicatively ? just to explain , i am wondering about that second question because we can think : - dmg vs beats and dmg vs elites are two distinct bonus and thus should be multiplicative . or - dmg vs beats and dmg vs elites are both dmg vs {mob type} , they are the same bonus and so are additively . so , i tested with the same method using " pig sticker " ( +25% against beasts ) and " unity ring " ( +4% against elites ) . the results are as follow : - undead : 72 207 dmg - beast : 90 259 dmg - elite beast : 93 870 dmg basically , that means i did +25% damage against beast compared to undead . +4% damage to elite beast compared to beast . and +30% damage to elite beast compared to undead . so yes : " bonus damage against {mob type}" and " bonus damage against elite " are considered two different type of bonus for the game . and so they stack multiplicatively . ( 1.25 * 1.04 = 1.30 )
sketch will fail if smeargle moves first in a battle . simple , if there is no move for smeargle to sketch it can not sketch it . however there are other situations where sketch cannot copy a move . this list has changed over the generations however . to use your example of silver , from generation ii : sketch cannot be used to copy selfdestruct , explosion , struggle , transform , or metronome . if used by a transformed pokémon , sketch will fail . if the battle does not allow experience points to be earned ( such as link battles or battle tower battles ) , any move learned via sketch will be forgotten at the end of the battle . sketch is not affected by protect or detect . - bulbapedia as of the current generation ( 6 ) , sketch cannot copy struggle or chatter , and will fail if the opponent uses crafty shield source : bulbapedia
if you fire a regular beam charge shot and then immediately hold down the missile button , you should be able to start charging the seeker missile without having to " waste " a shot . the key is to begin holding down the missile button during the " cooldown " period of the charge shot animation ( when you are unable to fire anything , beam or missile ) .
i have basically the same gaming machine as you , but i have a 300gb velociraptor and my load times are about 30sec . you need a much better moving hard drive or a ssd .
do the following steps and it should improve your performance . update/reinstall java - delete your current version and do a fresh install of the latest version . assign as much ram as your computer can muster - the more ram that minecraft has to work with the better it will perform , and the less dependant it is on your other hardware . - i go overboard and have assigned 14gb to each of my mc versions . but i have found that 2gb is perfect for vanilla and 4-6 is fine for ftb to have good performance with far view distance . try reinstalling mc - backup all your saves and reinstall your . minecraft folder . as an added measure install optifine - the installer is easy to use now for minecraft and does not require forge - this should help boost performance a little bit further . me personally i would do all the steps above ( maybe not optifine depending on whether the others worked ) this is quite a big issue to have and without the system specs and java version i have to give a more generalised answer . if this does not work i would say that your system can not handle the game on that view distance and you need to lower it . let me know if you need more info or if this does not work and i can talk you through a more complicated way of improving performance .
i just watched a huge treehouse burn to the ground because of a lightning strike . rain does not always put out fires . now all my wool pixel art is in danger as well . had to revert to a backup . caught the last few seconds of the destruction . mind you , this used to be a huge treehouse that spanned at least 64x64 and up to the ceiling .
there are a variety of ways you can get food in systems like this ; generally combining as many as possible is the way to go , given how important food is in endless space . build food planetary exploitations on the planets bring a leveled-up administrator hero with the +food abilities ( and ideally +production as well ) focus on building ( or buying ) system improvements that will give you food on those planets buyout terraforms on the first planet you settle to get it to a food-producing type , so that it can support the rest of the system explore available moons and build the system improvement that gives +3 food per person on explored moons the colonial base ( that you get for free when colonizing a system ) provides +2 food to start with so your initial colonists do not immediately starve . from a comment by raven dreamer
the main damage cards of miracle rogue are leeroy jenkins ( 4 mana , 6 damage ) , eviscerate ( 2 mana , 4 damage only as second card or later ) , cold blood ( 1 mana , 4 damage , only after leeroy ) and shadowstep ( 2 mana , 6 damage , only after leeroy ) . preparation can be used to play a free eviscerate or cold blood , i will include this option as additional damage in the following list as it is rather unlikely . i will split this up by mana , starting at 6 because less is really not that relevant , the fun in miracle rogue really only begins around turn 5 with the auctioneer . not including turn 5 itself because all the mana goes into auctioneer there . be wary of the coin ! note that in most cases , there will be an auctioneer on the field who does 4 additional damage . i will not include this damage in the list because it may or may not actually be there if you get rid of it in time . 6 mana leeroy jenkins + eviscerate for 10 damage leeroy jenkins + shadowstep for 12 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + cold blood for +4 or +8 damage leeroy jenkins + 2x cold blood for 14 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + eviscerate for +4 or +8 damage 7 mana leeroy jenkins + eviscerate + cold blood for 14 damage leeroy jenkins + shadowstep + cold blood for 16 damage any of the above + preparation + cold blood for +4 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + eviscerate for +4 or +8 damage 8 mana leeroy jenkins + 2x eviscerate for 14 damage leeroy jenkins + shadowstep + eviscerate for 16 damage leeroy jenkins + 2x shadowstep for 18 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + cold blood for +4 or +8 damage leeroy jenkins + eviscerate + 2x cold blood for 18 damage leeroy jenkins + shadowstep + 2x cold blood for 20 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + eviscerate for +4 or +8 damage 9 mana leeroy jenkins + 2x eviscerate + cold blood for 18 damage leeroy jenkins + shadowstep + eviscerate + cold blood for 20 damage leeroy jenkins + 2x shadowstep + cold blood for 22 damage any of the above + preparation + cold blood for +4 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + eviscerate for +4 or +8 damage 10 mana leeroy jenkins + shadowstep + 2x eviscerate for 20 damage leeroy jenkins + 2x eviscerate + 2x cold blood for 22 damage leeroy jenkins + 2x shadowstep + eviscerate for 22 damage leeroy jenkins + shadowstep + eviscerate + 2x cold blood for 24 damage leeroy jenkins + 2x shadowstep + 2x cold blood for 26 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + cold blood for +4 or +8 damage any of the above + up to 2 of preparation + eviscerate for +4 or +8 damage 11 mana ( coin ) leeroy jenkins + shadowstep + 2x eviscerate + cold blood for 24 damage leeroy jenkins + 2x shadowstep + eviscerate + cold blood for 26 damage any of the above + preparation + cold blood for +4 damage any of the above + preparation + eviscerate for +4 damage
update : according to recent changelogs , the bugs regarding legatus natus and primasgermaniae are fixed in patch 1.4 here the old answer with an explanation of the bug : i just checked the event files for both events ( legatusnatus . txt and primasgermaniae . txt ) . they behave pretty much in the same way , so i will only write it up for legatusnatus . from what i can gather , mainz gets the title automatically within one month : and this is where things go wrong . for mainz to get the title there is no need for a good papal relation , and mainz starts out with a low one in fact . however , the event for losing the title is as follows : so within another month after getting the title mainz will lose it again due to the papal states not having an opinion of 100 of mainz . if that is no bug , i do not know what is . i guess mainz should either get good relations with the papal states from the beginning or only get the title after they hit the 100 relations threshold . also the info text for losing the title is highly confusing . nowhere does it say that you have to have good relations to the papal states .
i know some people have answered this but i thought i could add a little data . for gas , full saturation is 3 , however the third is not worth as much as the first two . as a result its worth getting a second geyser before putting a third worker on the first . this is also true for minerals as shown by this graph : as you can see after your first 16 workers the gain per worker starts to decrease dramatically . as a result when you start an expansion you should shift any excess workers ( over 16 ) to the new expansion . the original research can be found in this paper : worker income efficiency in starcraft ii by chet ' cheticus ' v . the paper reports original data collection and methods , as well as the formula 's uses for the ' least squares regression . '
in older versions of minecraft there was an edge of the map called the far lands . however , since beta 1.8 , the far lands act a bit differently : in [ beta ] 1.8 , instead of the far lands starting to generate at 12,550,820 meters from the center of the map , the playable area abruptly ends at 30,000,000 meters , and fake chunks ( they are not solid , they can be fallen through ) start generating . a sure sign that one has reached the edge of the map is that lighting no longer works past the 30,000,000th mark . versions between alpha 1.2.0 ( halloween update ) and beta 1.7.3 rendered fake chunks outside of a limit of 32,000,000 meters ; attempting to walk onto them would cause the player to die in the void . from the beginning of infdev all the way to the halloween update , the world abruptly ended at 32,000,000 meters , and leaving the boundary caused you to be trapped rather than die . to get to the ' far lands ' you can follow the instructions in the minecraft wikia . however , as it says in the first sentence there is no easy way to get to the edge without using commands or external programs ( though there is a long running series that attempts to walk to the far lands , he is currently on episode 255 ) . it is also prone to make your minecraft crash so try it at your own risk . getting to the far lands without the use of an external program was a very difficult ( or at least time consuming ) task , as walking to there from the center of the map would have taken approximately 820 hours ( or 34 days ) . instead , a level . dat editor could be used to teleport the player there . the boundary between the normal map and the far lands ( defined by when the map started generating the distorted terrain ) occurred at x/z of ±12,550,821 . the hard limit where chunks are overwritten is at x/z of ±34,359,738,368 , which is about 23% of the distance from the earth to the sun . at x/z of ±2,147,483,648 ( crashes at 2,147,483,439 ) , item positions , mob pathfinding and other things using 32-bit integers will overflow and act strangely , usually resulting in minecraft crashing . at x/z of ±1.798*10 308 , the position of the player , represented by a double-precision floating point number , would overflow to ' infinity ' , causing a complete breakdown of arithmetic . even at far smaller coordinates , the limited precision would cause errors in calculations . for example , at 10 16 , xposition + 1 is equal to xposition . using single player commands , it is very easy to get to the far lands using teleportation . after pressing the chat key ( default " t" ) to open up the console-like input window , using the " teleport " command ( or its abbreviation , " tp" ) followed by x , y , and z coordinates will allow the player to go wherever they want . in release 1.3 , you can turn on cheats to teleport . for example : to get to where the edge far lands ' wall was , try "/tp 12550820 129 0" . make sure either flying is turned on or damage is turned off , as otherwise you will fall to your death . to get to where the corner far lands were ( the walls ' intersection ) , try "/tp 12550820 129 12550820" . again , make sure you are protected from fall damage . unfortunately , there was severe lag , and slower computers used to crash upon this teleportation . opening a gui helped the far lands render much , much faster . you can do this by pausing ( pressing escape ) or opening the single player commands prompt again . when you venture out farther above and into the far lands , the probability increases that a " bad chunk " will appear . a bad chunk is a chunk filled with terribly corrupt data , and is the cause of sudden lag spikes that can easily make minecraft crash . here is a question related to the far lands
it is used for the creation of the staff of herding , which is needed to open the secret level .
no , you cannot kill everyone . they will eventually respawn , and seeing as the cp rewards you get for them are almost non-existent , you are better off passing them by as fast as possible . however , the ghouls make one of the better opponents for farming potent drops just because they are so weak . although i do recommend a collector 's catalog because the drop rate is fairly low .
the global market tab was originally designed to be a part of the sim city world window next to the " leaderboards " and " challenges " tabs but it was removed before release of the game . a pre-release version of the window can be found here . currently it appears that prices of goods do not fluctuate on the global market although on release day the prices were fluctuating seemingly randomly so it is likely a feature maxis is tweaking to reduce server load .
it seems that the chance to break the main gun changes based on which tank does the ramming . the t-34 , for instance , has close to a 100% chance to break the main gun of any other tank it rams . they takes out their own main gun in the process as well , so do not rely on only it . generally , though , since no tank has a guarantee of disabling their main gun , it is better used as a last ditch effort to take another tank with the rammer . if you are lucky , you will take out their main gun or other component , and that means that unit is disadvantaged until it can be repaired . if you get lucky and take out their main gun , it is essentially target practice . for the t-34s , though , since they can be built relatively cheaply , they can be used at the start of a skirmish to take out heavier tanks , and automatically turn the fight into your favor . you will probably lose the tank in the process , but disabling a tiger or panther for the cost of a t-34 is pretty heavily weighted in your favor . follow up with some at infantry , or other tank destroyers , and that tank will not be making it home .
great general bonuses are not cumulative . a single unit may only benefit from a single great general at a time , though you may want multiple great generals anyway , to give more of your troops the bonus .
i have managed to solve this issue as there was one thing i had not tried , which was too reinstall the drivers . by reinstalling my drivers all the games that previously did not work now do . thank you for all those who tried to help me with this matter .
according to a post by a blizzard employee , you might be able to play with your friends no matter where they are : getting people online , playing and interacting is obviously the overall goal for the battle .netplatform , and that includes allowing people to play across regional boundaries as they have in the past . unfortunately , there are a multitude of challenges we have to overcome due to the unique regional account and billing options that did not exist in the past . but those hurdles are not insurmountable , and we are looking into solutions that will allow interested players to obtain access to other regional versions without having to buy another full copy of the game . those solutions are something we are currently planning to have available through battle .netaccount management within the first few months of starcraft ii 's release . before that solution is implemented though , you are correct in that you had need to purchase a us copy of the game on launch day to play in the us region . however notice that he is talking about a potential future feature which may end up not getting implemented ( or not implemented in a satisfying way ) , so in the meanwhile i would be careful about which version to buy .
let me start by reciting points from previous answers ( that i have confirmed ) : eight ( 8 ) hits per repetition , three ( 3 ) repetitions to down , and only one rep to down if they are last . now , here 's my additional research : 8 hits per rep is at least the case for catwoman . i have not tested batman , and i do not have access to any other characters . the only way to hurt/detract from a titan 's health is by a slow-motion ( slo-mo ) , eighth hit in a rep . corollary : a stray swing from a lieutenant that hits a titan does not detract from how many reps that it takes to down the titan . i forgot to test singular critical strikes that seem to be able to hit unstunned titans , but i assume that they do not actually hurt them . corollary : titans can be indefinitely juiced . a rep is defined by one contiguous instance of the titan being stunned . ultra-stun on titan lasts about 6 seconds . they shake it off at the end . this was with no hits follow-up . the third stun of an ultra-stun maneuver is immune from physical attacks . this is important to successfully stunning a titan without losing a combo since countering while stunning is difficult . interrupting an ultra-stun with a counter resets the ultra-stun counter . i.e. , if you perform two stuns on an enemy then counter someone else , the next stun on the original enemy will not result in an ultra-stun , but instead count as only the first stun of three for an ultra-stun . the equivalent to ultra-stun is hitting a titan with batman 's explosive gel . catwoman does not have a gadget option . strikes extend stun . i timed the stun to last about 7 seconds ( probably the same as no hits ) after the last hit of a series of strikes that did not end in a slo-mo , eighth hit ( tease rep ) . redirecting ( over ) a titan does not reset rep nor stun . ultra-stun does not reset rep . catwoman is not invulnerable to titan attack in her whiplash special combo ( whip-around ) . aerial assault can protect catwoman from titan attack . i do not know if the move is at all vulnerable to titan attack . the moves that can be performed while piggy-backing a titan are normal movement which involves the titan flailing wildly , ground pound , and titan charge . to earn the most hits while piggy-backing , it is most efficient to move normally then end with a special move . it seems that the fastest way to end piggy-backing a titan is to perform the ground pound/slam/shockwave 3 times . titan charge/bullrush can be done a little over three times .
it is ridiculously hard to beat him without completing the quest first . it is also one of the seven paradox endings that can occur if you beat him once you have completed the game , thus it makes more sense to complete the mission to weaken him and then face him properly after game completion .
you do not need to take the pegasus , you can also leave velika by foot or with your horse , just check your map and look for the city doors .
the devblog on hacking covers most of the basics , and via personal experience and a quick refresher at the uniwiki odyssey page i have this to say : there are five different kinds of nodes : empty , system core , data cache , defensive subsystem and utility subsystem - with the defensive subsystem and utility subsystem having a few flavors each . data caches are either defensive or utility subsystem . the damage is consistent per node , but different types of the same node are random within a specific set - i.e. the same node will always hit you for the same amount , but another node of the same type may be different . no . yes , but the number of released containers increases , without increasing the amount of available loot , meaning each individual container will have less in it . however if you fail too many times ( currently 2 ) then the loot will be destroyed . additionally , the profession containers can be cargo scanned . if the loot is not overly valuable , skip it . the isk/hr may be better without wasting the time . extra extra additionally , ali arias wrote a detailed piece of the entire process over at themittani.com. it is a bit of a read , but it covers all of the salient points . once you have won the mini-game and the look has exploded into space you have about 10-15 seconds before the last of it disappears . the individual containers are divided into types ( currently data , materials , parts , and scraps ) with their contents being determined according to their type . scraps containers are effectively worthless , do not waste time on these and reliably collecting all the loot requires at least 2 characters doing it .
a little terminology : a perfect means collecting all the gold in a level . hitting the bullseye on top of that is not a " double perfect " but a perfect + ( for the + sign on the exclamation point on the map ) . a triple perfect , then , is getting a perfect on every difficulty level for a given level . and hitting the bullseye at the end for each would be a triple perfect + .
ok , so i have done some science to figure this out . there is a process to how nodes respawn . after two hours of testing , i believe i have determined how it works , and what you can do to maximize your rare item gathering . here are some things i have learned : nodes respawn at three minute intervals . i tested moga woods , deserted island , and sandy plains , and all three of them have three minutes as the respawn time . i expect the rest of the zones to be the same . fixed nodes are outside of this timer . they spawn when you enter the quest , and do not disappear until you have gathered their maximum limit . and they do not respawn , so that makes them one-shot deals . nodes in hidden areas are fixed nodes . to the best extent that i have been able to test , nodes do not respawn unless you are in the area . your presence is what causes nodes to ( re ) spawn . you are not there , nodes do not spawn . the timer pauses . if you had twenty seconds remaining of your three minutes , it will take twenty seconds once you re-enter the area for the nodes to re-spawn . from what i can tell , each area and node type picks a random amount of time ( within those three minutes ) you first have to be in the area before the node will spawn for the first time . it could be zero seconds ( in which case , the node will spawn as soon as you enter the zone ) , or it could be right at the three minute mark . two different node types can pick the same time . the node will respawn once it hits the designated point in time , regardless of if you have harvested it or not . the node will despawn at that point to make room for a fresh node . every node has several locations at which it can spawn . location has no bearing on what you harvest from it . only the node type alters that . to maximize your chances of getting rare items like carpenterbugs , here 's what you want to look for : an area that has as many non-fixed gathering nodes as possible . for butterflies , you are in for a hard slog , as no area seems to have more than a single node that will respawn . in those cases , you want to choose the area that has the best chance of giving you that item . the gathering or felyne gatherer skill . most nodes have a variable number of times you can gather from them . and the gather skills will ensure you get as many items as possible . depending on the number of nodes you will be gathering from , you may want the speed gatherer skill . if it takes you longer than three minutes to gather every node in the area , this skill is needed . whim and felyne woodsman ( or extra mining picks/butterfly nets/fishing harpoons ) to ensure you get as many items as possible without breaking your gathering items . nothing like whacking a mining node and have your last pickaxe break on you . mostly , patience . if you have gathered every node in the area , and nothing has respawn yet , be prepared to wait . they will not respawn without you , so you have to stick around . kick back , dance , prance , whatever . stay in the area , and remember that the node does not respawn in the same place everytime . keeping an eye on where it was before does not guarantee that is where it'll respawn . look around the area . as far as i can tell , every non-fixed node will respawn . if it is been three minutes , it is back , somewhere in the area .
you can not , because the names of rare items are randomly generated and meaningless . they have nothing to do with the stats of the item in question , which are generated independently of the name . unlike magic items , where the name gives you an indication of the specific stats to expect to be present , or legendary/set items , where , in addition to randomly generated stats , there are always several specifically assigned stats , rare items ' names will not tell you anything about an item . in fact , two rares can have the same name , and not have a single stat in common . instead , search for the stats you want using the drop downs .
did a search for this issue and found several people facing the same problem . you can read the official bug report posted on the battle .netforums . your messages are still going through , but will still see this message randomly . it is been reported but so far there is no fix .
there is no hard cap , but obviously a practical cap based on the base speed of weapons and max values of available ias bonus . fastest base weapon speed : 1.50 ( daggers ) or 1.60 ( 1h crossbow ) ias from 2 rings + amulet : 9 x 3 = 27% ias from the weapon : 11% ( rare/magic ) , or 20% ( superior quality white items ) 6% from legendary items in various slots : chest : Beckon Sail or Tal Rasha's Guardianship pants : Inna's Glory helm : Andariel's Visage or Mempo of Twilight bracer : Lacuni Prowlers boots : Boj Anglers off-hand : 20% from Dead Man's Legacy for demon hunter off-hand there is also the Shrine of Frenzy which adds a 25% ias for 2 minutes . so if you just want the theoretical max weapon speed : base weapon aps of 1h crossbow : 1.60 bonus for superior item quality : 20% total bonus from equipment in general : ( 9 * 3 ) % + ( 6 * 5 ) % = 57% additional from dead man 's legacy for dh : 20% shrine of frenzy : 25% ( not sure if this is additive with items or multiplicative factor ) focus mind passive from enchantress : 3% max bonus from items for dh : 57% + 20% = 77% max ias incl shrine = 102% final weapon speed : ( 1.60 * 1.20 ) * 2.02 = 3.8784 aps i did not include focus mind as i do not know how it will apply . this also excludes the effect of skills that add ias like barb 's frenzy . ( a barbarian would have to use daggers instead of 1h xbow ) .
the damage of lich bane 's proc is determined by your ap at the moment that you attack and consume the buff . whatever ap you have when you consume the buff , that is how much bonus damage lich bane will do .
if i have 100 points in light armor and i am wearing a ring which gives me +12 to light armor , would it result in my light armor skill being 112 yes . your modified light armor skill is 112 . for armor skills , each point above 100 is another 0.4% increase to armor . ( mind the 567 armor rating cap ) . for weapon skills , each point above 100 is a percent increase to damage . for crafting , each point above 100 increases the outcome when skill is involved . ( upgrading , enchanting , etc ) . for the other skills , going above 100 may not produce the expected effect . pickpocketing , in particular , may overflow and give lower chance of success than you had have with 100 skill .
i asked around and it seems that it is indeed the enrage timer that is activated when you fight monsters for too long . if you fight a boss or champ pack for too long they hit a soft enrage where you take damage every second for standing near them i have not ever seen it in nightmare , so it looks like the debuff can occur in hell or inferno .
after several failed attempts on the harder difficulties , i found out what i was doing wrong ! if you manage to rescue some of the zerg pinned down in the caves ( the bonus objective ) , you will receive more zerglings and some . . . queens ? conventional wisdom dictates that queens are strictly for use in macro and base management . after all , they are slow , and they have the ever-useful " spawn larvae " ability . except in the hots campaign , you have " swarm queens " instead . these look and act much like the multiplayer queens , but with a couple of notable differences . first , they lack the spawn larvae ability . additionally , they are much faster when not on creep relative to their multiplayer brethren , spawn creep tumor does not cost energy , and have " rapid transfusion " instead ( smaller , heal over time , smaller cost , auto-cast ) . as swarm queens are not considered a light unit ( so no bonus damage from fire ! ) and , importantly , have the ability to attack air , they are the perfect unit to supplement your forces . with their " rapid transfusion " ability , a small hot that groups of queens will auto-cast on each other , you should be able to hold off most of the domion 's early assaults with a handful of queens , kerrigan , and decent micro . unorthodox as it sounds , you are expected ( and explicitly encouraged ! ) to use queens to hold out until reinforcements arrive .
it depends on your playstyle . essential upgrades are : s-ams for the sunderer : 50 certs nanoweave or flak for all classes : 1 cert for the first level , basically free recommended for organized play : anti-tank mines for the engineer : 100 certs for level 1 scout radar for the flash : 50+100 certs for the first 2 levels anti-air lock-on launcher for the heavy assault : 725 certs/700 sc ( alternatively annihilator ) burster arm for the max : 1000 certs/700 sc skyguard for the lightning : 1000 certs/700 sc mineguard for the sunderer : 30+50 certs for the first 2 levels squad leader/spawn beacon : 30 certs squad leader/command channel : 100 certs playstyle dependant : rocket-pods for esf ( mosquito/reaver/scythe ) : 1000 certs/700 sc he or heat for the lightning : 750 certs/700 sc he , 250 certs/500 sc heat in general , do not worry about wasting certs . there is an infinite amount of certs , so you will eventually unlock everything . just try around , use the vr training area to trial stuff and if you unlock something and it turns out to be not your thing it is no big deal .
accuracy is significantly improved when aiming down the sights in borderlands 2 ; a loading screen tip even tells you/hints at this . your bullet spread will be significantly reduced with any weapon , even the individual pellets from shotguns ( no that does not make sense but yet it does happen ) . i am not sure exactly how much , but it is very noticeable , i would say it cuts bullet spread ( the max distance of any bullet from the center of your aim ) in half or so . this seems to behave differently for different weapons ; sniper rifles seem to have a much greater benefit from scoping ( or perhaps a more significant detriment for firing from the hip ) . from the hip snipers have wider spread than smgs but will have much higher accuracy when zoomed in . you can easily confirm this by watching your aiming reticle as you zoom in ; it will shrink in size considerably as it fades from view , especially noticeable with a low-accuracy weapon ( any shotgun ) . however note that aiming down the scope will introduce a second effect ; random weapon sway . all weapons ( particularly hyperion weapons ) sway a bit when aiming . the amount of stability is a weapon stat not directly related to accuracy . note that firing a hyperion weapon decreases weapon sway , firing other weapons increases it . weapon sway is different from accuracy though ; accuracy is the spread of the pellets from the muzzle of the gun ; sway actually moves the location of the muzzle ( where the speedy kill-people things come out of the gun ) .
you can feed them , pick them up , and talk with them , eventually befriending them . when you become really good friends with the certain wild animals , entering their area will trigger a gift event . the wild animal family will give you 10 of a certain item based on the animal family you befriend . by befriending a wild animal of a particular color , you might unlock another different colored one of the same family ( which you can also befriend ) or something else . . . . here is an updated list of wild animal likes and gifts translated from this wiki . likes/gifts ( wild animal are available all year unless otherwise noted , gifts are in sets of 10 , unless otherwise noted ) : duck ( spring/summer ) ( sunny ) ( river ) ( morning to midnight ) likes : all vegetables ( except onions and spinach ) , all fruits , soybeans , wheat , rice gives : basil duck ( alternate ) ( winter/fall ) ( sunny ) ( river/sakura land ) ( morning to midnight ) likes : all vegetables ( except onions and spinach ) , all fruits notes : unlocked by befriending duck gives : white rose brown boar ( snow/sunny ) ( river/summit/forest ) ( morning to evening ) likes : eggs , golden eggs , silkie eggs , mushrooms , king oyster mushrooms , shiitake , pineapple , apple , kiwi , orange , peach , watermelon , banana , strawberry , corn , radish , cabbage , potato , carrot , tomato , potato , turnip gives : pink rose black boar ( snow/sunny ) ( river/forest ) ( morning to evening ) likes : same as brown boar , except coral mushrooms instead of silkie eggs . notes : unlocked by befriending the brown boar . gives : nadeshiko black rabbit ( spring to fall ) ( sunny ) ( river ) ( morning/noon to evening ) likes : fodder , grapes , cherries , pineapple , apple , banana , strawberry , corn , broccoli , cabbage , pumpkin , cabbage , potato , carrot , tomato , potato , turnip gives : tulip white rabbit ( fall/winter ) ( snow ) ( summit ) ( noon to evening/midnight to morning ) likes : same as ( black ) rabbit . notes : unlocked by befriending the black rabbit gives : lavender brown/white ermine ( sunny ) ( river , summit , forest , snow land [ white ] ) ( day ) likes : eggs , golden eggs , silkie eggs notes : white ermines are only available in snow land gives : chamomile ( brown ) , margaret ( white ) yellow fox ( spring/summer ) ( snow/sunny ) ( forest ) ( noon to evening , midnight to morning ) likes : eggs , golden eggs , silkie eggs , all mushrooms ( except shiitake ) , all vegetables ( except onion and spinach ) gives : rosemary silver fox ( fall/winter ) ( snow/sunny ) ( forest ) ( noon to evening , morning ) likes : same as yellow fox notes : unlocked by befriending yellow fox gives : red rose brown bear ( spring to fall ) ( sunny ) ( river/summit/forest ) ( morning to evening ) likes : honey , all vegetables ( except spinach and onion ) gives : sage black bear ( spring to fall ) ( sunny ) ( river/forest ) ( morning to evening ) likes : same as brown bear , but also salmon and alcohol notes : unlocked by befriending brown raccoon gives : hydrangea brown/gold monkey ( spring/summer ) ( rain/sunny ) ( forest/summit/river/southern island/ruins ) ( morning to evening ) likes : all vegetables ( except spinach ) , all fruit , lotus root , wasabi , soybeans , all mushrooms , all cheese , eggs , golden eggs , silkie eggs notes : gold monkeys are unique to the ruins gives : bayleaf ( brown ) , gerbera ( gold ) brown/olive sparrow ( sunny/snow/rain ) ( summit , river , forest , sakura land ) ( morning to evening ) likes : corn , wheat , rice , soybeans notes : olive sparrows are only available in sakura land during the day gives : mint ( brown ) , thyme ( olive ) brown raccoon ( rain/sunny ) ( river/summit ) ( day ) likes : all vegetables ( except spinach ) , all fruit , eggs , golden eggs , silkie eggs gives : bergamot dark brown raccoon ( spring/summer ) ( sunny ) ( river ) ( evening to morning ) likes : same as brown raccoon notes : unlocked by befriending brown raccoon gives : gentian panda ( sunny ) ( forest ) ( night to morning ) likes : bamboo , wheat , rice , grapes , banana , strawberry , corn , cabbage , potato , carrot , tomato , potato , turnip notes : wild animals that inhabit the river/summit/forest might also appear gives : sunflower turtle ( southern island only ) ( day ) likes : all fish notes : once you become friend it can take you to the southern island ( unlocks area so you do not have to use the travel agency ) gives : aloe yeti ( snow land only ) ( day ) likes : all vegetables ( except spinach ) , all fruit , all fish personal note : yetis are cool gives : snow drop polar bear ( snow land ) ( day ) likes : all fruit , all fish gives : blue rose peacock ( ancient ruins only ) ( daytime ) likes : soybean , wheat , rice , all vegetables ( except spinach ) gives : pink diamond ( x1 )
if the main thing you are concerned about is online multiplayer , then yes , all accounts on a single ps4 can play online if at least one if them has an active ps plus subscription , and that ps4 console is set as the ps plus account 's " primary ps4 . " from sony 's faq : playstation®plus benefits available to other non-subscribing users on your primary ps4™: - online multiplayer ( subject to any parental control settings on sub accounts ) - play downloaded games purchased with playstation®plus discount - play downloaded igc games playstation®plus benefits not available to other users on your primary ps4™: - purchasing playstation®plus discounted products from playstation store - online game save storage - auto patch download - playstation®plus exclusive early access to game trials
yes the second season of the walking dead is a direct continuation of the story from the end of the first season and i would imagine there will be some large spoilers from the end of season one that will become apparent almost immediately . my advice is finish season one first . i am not sure how the 400 days dlc ties into season 2 , if at all . maybe some one else could add that information .
no there is not . it is possible to create your own potions with different effects , and to enchant items . but spell crafting is not possible within skyrim .
this is a bug that showed up in the most recent magicka patch . the devs are aware of it , and hoping to have it fixed by monday , 3/21 . as many of you have seen there is a new patch up tonight , and it is not behaving as it should for some . some are getting a message that they are running a " modded " version of the game although they have not touched a single file . before i get into technical details let me tell you this - the game still should work fine : - even if you get the message - you still can play as normal . - modding is still fully possible . arrowhead and paradox do very much still support modding and think it is great that there are a bunch of cool mods for the game . - we also want to support the players who want to score big and end up on the leaderboards . so what we did for this patch was that we put a check in the game that detects if you have any modified files or not . if it detects modified files it'll show you the message , let you keep playing , but will not register any leaderboard scores , achievements or let you play vac ( steams anti cheat functionality ) protected games . so what is the problem ? well our testing looked fine this week . modded games showed up as modded and unmodded ran just like before . now we are seeing that the game is erroneously reporting some games as " modded " . i myself am getting mixed results ( one computer shows normal while the other shows " modded" ) while both computers are actually unmodded . we are looking into exactly what went wrong and expect to have a hotfix up by monday . we are very sorry for this ! but the good news is that no matter the message no game functionality has been affected . you should still be able to cast spells , kill your friends and revive them as usual . tl ; dr : the game is working just fine , but achievements are currently not being tracked , until the next patch . everything else is as normal .
i fought pimon and tumba both while on true vault hunter mode . if i remember correctly pimon is a stalker and tumbba is a skag . they can also spawn in normal mode ( thanks , @shedevil ) . they appear on the field outside of preserve cells ( where bloodwing was kept ) . i will suggest weaken them both and take them down with a grenade or something .
yes . as sevensideddie points out in the comments , you can indeed set up a computer in your apartment to receive the internet connection from the local wireless , and then pass it on to your wii . as he said , in windows , this is called internet connection sharing . how you set it up exactly , step-by-step , depends on what version of windows you are using , but essentially the process is like this . you connect to the internet wirelessly with a computer that has both a wireless card and an ethernet card . you edit the properties of the wireless connection to enable internet connection sharing . you designate the wireless as the source . this would then enable that computer to pass the internet connection on to any device connected to the ethernet port of that computer . . . provided the computer with the wireless connection to the internet is turned on . you would be turning the computer into a router in effect .
as @raven dreamer posts in an answer to that question , +elemental damage is effectively "+damage " as far as the system is concerned this means that there is no difference between +arcane damage and +poison damage as far as calculating the total damage than an ability will do . in other words , if you are just interested in what total damage will be done , +arcane damage = +posion damage = +damage .
tasks given to the player in the original taskmaker : ( spoiler alert ) visit taskmaker in castle hall retrieve a package from skysail village retrieve a chess board from quietwater retrieve the taskmaker 's sterling chalice from silver creek retrieve the magic book from the graveyard of arbalest catacombs ( bring a shovel ) retrieve taskmaker 's belongings from poet 's nightmare ( within quagmire estates ) steal the coat of arms from the enitsirhc family in enitsirhc obtain the head of the lead rebel in dripstone ( within fierce fold ) from pentamerous , retrieve the king 's bones retrieve the crown from vidair 's tower ( accessible by taking a ship out of quagmire ) kill the evil prisoner held in the island prison ( at least that is what you are told . . . ) finally , if you choose to : kill the taskmaker ! i have no walkthrough to offer but you can find lots of helpful hints and cheats at the unofficial taskmaker home page ( via archive . org ) . also keep an eye on the taskmaker wikia that is just getting started . you can always play the game with an emulator like basilisk ii , a rom image ( "if you own a mac" ) and a free copy of system 7.0 from apple . ( google ' system 7.0 download' ; apparently i am disreputable and can not post links . ; )
try to get as high as possible without your jump causing you to hit the roof . also you can unlock the nozzle which pushes you back and use it to jump and hover across to the other ladders
by default , skyrim 's vertical mouse sensitivity was lower than it is horizontal sensitivity . if i remember correctly one of the patches tweaked the way the setting that controlled this worked and left a few people who had previously tweaked the mouse scaling with problems . this was , however , some months ago . . . anyway , the setting for vertical mouse scaling is in My Documents\My Games\Skyrim\Skyrim.ini ( not the version in the game 's install directory ! ) , you want to look in the [controls] section , find the fMouseHeadingYScale key and probably just remove it ( and you should probably get rid of fMouseHeadingXScale while you are there ) . this will reset them to defaults . oh , and feel free to back the file up before making modifications . if these keys are already not in the file , then i am afraid you must have a different problem .
once you have found another dropbox , you can send items from any of them to any other and then pick them up at the destination . for locations ( spoilers ) , see the fallout wiki .
if you fast travel to any location , your horse should appear next to you . if it stops appearing check the stables where you bought it from .
this is a new feature in heart of the swarm which was introduced in the beta . it is default set to not enable enemy unit selection . it can be changed in the gameplay options .
the location are : whiterun , riften , markarth , windhelm and solitude . for more information see : http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:houses
i have discovered the problem : the race of my city . i also note that none of the gods whose temples i can build are opposed . i was able to build a temple to fervus in a monsters city . eta : i have seen a holy ground for each kind of city . humans get the most religious flexibility , being able to build a temple to any deity except grumgog . undead and monsters divide the complete pantheon between them in opposing sets . hence , grumgog is monster exclusive . here 's the list of temples , for reference : humans dauros helia krolm krypta fervus lunord agrela undead dauros krolm krypta lunord monster helia fervus grumgog agrela
well you have not answered back yet so i am just going to assume that it is the ps3 game . the gamefaq board has a excellent faq for this game . but i will summarize here so you do not say tl ; dr . you lose 1x multiplier when a block crosses your line you lose 1x multiplier when a block hits your bat no penalty for a block hitting a shielded bat ( is actually worth points ) and remember that there are bonuses at the end of each level for : no walls touched ( shard storm is a must ) no balls lost ( never one to actually strive for ) shard storms used ( this is where the big points are at ) speed bonus ( for bosses only )
i would suggest letting him play at his own pace ( unless he is an experienced mmorpg player starting wow for a specific end-game purpose such as raiding / pvp ) . in particular if he is new to the genre , that first time exploring the world is such an amazing time , it would be a shame to be boosted through it . following the ' shattering ' the starter zones have had an overhaul and are fun to play through and also give a better step by step introduction to game mechanics and how to play your class . also the levelling speed now is pretty crazy - people in my guild are making jokes about being level 30 by lunchtime ! it is not quite that fast , but if he gets into it he will be 30 before he knows it .
when in-game , and with a level loaded , the ' status ' command in the game 's developer console will show the exact detected public ip address that would be used to invite others . the developer console can be enabled under options -> keyboard/mouse .
the decisions made by the " default " shepard will not keep you from getting any of the squadmates in mass effect 3 . however , certain secondary characters ( who were squadmates in previous games but not in this game ) may have been killed , and they will not appear in this game . for instance , thane and jack both make appearances in me3 if they survived me2 , but if you do not import a save it is assumed they died .
once you have turned on the crane , you should notice that the crane hook starts swinging . you need to wait until the hook swings into the position closest to you , and then jump on it . the crane will carry you up and you can loosen the struts holding up donkey kong 's platform .
there are 4 classes daily . each class can teach the listed capacity . this means your university already has room for 1300 * 4 = 5200 students . stop looking to increase capacity and start looking at traffic and flow . increase the number of students that can reach ( and leave ) the university . if students are leaving the building by car at 9 pm , then you need more mass transit .
high-ranked players ( generally around level 30 ) will use smurf accounts for a few different reasons , some reasonable , others less-so : playing with less-skilled friends , or with friends who are new to the game . the high elo player does not want to instantly drag that person up against the type of opponents that they typically face , so they create a new account and play at a lower level . spending time with a new champion ( or champions ) . this is less-true of very high elo players , but some players do want to spend time learning how a different kind of champion works . they will create a smurf account and exclusively play a single champion in a low-pressure environment . this is far less popular now , of course , with the coop vs . ai games being available . pub-stomping is also , unfortunately , a reason someone might want a smurf . some people like the utter domination that comes with being so much more skilled at the game . this practice is often frowned upon , but does still happen . pro players sometimes create smurfs to mask their identity . if you watch their streams , you will notice they are constantly receiving friend requests , etc . and sometimes they just do not want to deal with it . this reprieve is usually short-lived . as user22193 pointed out in another answer , another reason to create a smurf is if you change server realms . for instance , team solomid was high-ranked on the na servers , but created eu-w accounts and had to get their accounts up to level 30 and their elos back to a stable position near the top of the ladder . m2tm : smurf accounts can be played on if you decide to dodge a ranked game before it starts . if people in a ranked game lobby are making you nervous about your win chance and you close the game you are unable to queue for another game for at least 30 minutes . your smurf will be available to play on , however . *this is now 5 minutes for the first dodge , then it ramps up . there are other potential reasons ( that should just be edited into this answer ) , but those are the primary causes for smurfing in league of legends .
i believe it is part of how the sphax purebdcraft texture pack generates the textures . i think it throws in a different texture every so often to break up the monotony and add a little decoration . the same happens with the grass texture . a flower texture pops up here and there on the grass . i do not know what other block textures do that but i have noticed those two .
to reach the key vault , you must reach an alternate exit in the adjoined level . so how do you reach the alternate exit ? you need to take the blue , ' ? ' marked path when the route splits . the catch is that you may need to take more than one , and if you miss a jump or one of the jump pads , you may fall back onto the main track , rather than get sent immediately back to your checkpoint . the alternate exit looks like this : once you return to the map , the way to the key vault will be clear . the key vault is a level onto itself , and once you beat it , you will get a notification that you have unlocked the keys for that world . if you go back to the levels with keys , you will now be able to collect them in order to unlock the alternate paths .
this should work for skyrim just like it does for other games : for pc to pc , you can go to the " user/documents/my games/skyrim " folder and simply copy the " saves " folder from one machine to the corresponding folder on the other machine . for xbox 360 , here 's a guide on how to transfer saved games : put your old hard drive into your new xbox 360 log in to your profile go to the profile management move your profile onto the memory unit examine your hard drive with memory management tool move the game to your memory unit with move option turn off and remove the old hard drive then put the new hard drive log in as the profile from the memory unit transfer all the game save files for ps3 , here 's a good video guide on how to generally move save games and here 's a guide on how to transfer save games from pc to the ps3 , although it is possible that this just works with saved games which are originally from a ps3 .
i had the same problem when i first faced these critters on my monk . they are the first enemy that caused me to change my skill loadout . there are resist poison items ( easily searchable on the ah ) that would help you against the insects in particular , and more armor always helps , but i found the right combination of tactics was all i needed to bring them down . my best advice is to keep moving . the attack moves pretty slow and if you see it coming , it is not too hard to dodge . but as you said , all too often you are distracted by other foes . so here are a few tips and tricks to deal with those pesky flies as a monk . dashing strike is by far your best ability to deal with the flies . do not be afraid to use this on the target with a line of projectiles coming straight at you . the dash will go straight through them and you will not take any damage . cyclone strike followed by a good aoe attack is usually enough to take them out . do not use a knockback as a followup or you will just have to start dodging and chasing again . i choose breath of heaven with the circle of scorn rune . fleet footed will help you dodge the attacks and catch up to the flies when they move away from you . this probably goes without saying , but if you are playing multiplayer with a ranged partner , have them focus on the flies while you take out the other opponents .
crew members gain experience whenever the subsystem they are manning gets used ( for more detail see : what triggers crew experience increases ? ) . the experience itself does not do anything - it is when the crew gains a skill level when the exp bar is full that they you gain additional bonus when the crew mans the subsystem he is skilled in . piloting : +5/7/10% evasion in piloting engines : +5/7/10% evasion in engines shields : +10/20/29% shield recharge rate weapons : +10/14/19% weapons charge rate repair : faster repair speed combat : -/+10%/+20% damage taken from the ftl wiki article on skills
to manually change your gas-mask filters , press g ( default layout ) . source : metro 2033 default key-binding
the longer you hold down the shout button/key , the more force behind your shouts . if you hold down the button when unrelenting force is selected , you should hear dovahkiin shoult all three words ( fus ro dah )
there is such a thing as a steam wallet code , which will allow you to purchase a card and then have somebody redeem the value of that card against their steam wallet online . however , these only appear to be available from select stores , and not available for purchase online . in the uk this is pretty much limited to game , however you can find a full list of stores you can purchase steam wallet codes from in your country on the steam website . your other options are transferring the money to them some other method ( paypal or similar ) and your friend loading it onto their account themselves , or you purchasing the title that your friend is after and gifting it to their account .
skarner can not flash while ulting someone ; the ability icon greys out other moving effects , like ghost or an enemy push/pull will drag your victim along for the ride , though .
from the mass effect wiki : " the atlas ' cockpit window can be shattered after its shields have been taken down . this requires a considerable amount of sustained fire , but breaking the window will leave the pilot vulnerable to attack . killing the pilot will destroy the atlas immediately in multiplayer . in some instances in single-player , however , this will leave the atlas intact and able to be piloted by the player . " http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/atlas update : ign indicates that a sniper rifle is needed to accomplish the task . video included . http://www.ign.com/wikis/mass-effect-3/atlas_mech i suspect this may be because of the snipers accuracy so you do not hit other parts of the mech , and its power so it punches through quickly . update 2 : my suspicion was right , they use the sniper for the power / accuracy . other weapons do work however , i was able to smash the glass out with a pistol .
from the game 's options menu , you need to go to the extra options menu where you can turn the noise/grain filter off . on the ps2 , you did this with the l1 button as described here . on pc , i am not sure what button it is , but since the ps2 uses l1 and r1 to turn and the pc version uses q and e to turn , i would try hitting the q or e buttons from the options menu to see if you can access the extra options .
i found out from a forum : match location ( only vicinity not country , as far i know ) match visibility match password instagib mode spawn protection ( yes/no ) game type arena you can invite friends you can not change player slots - this is awkward : ( edit : meanwhile there is a vote option to adjust the team size please correct me , if something changes ( as long as i do not have a pro-account ) .
the game manual explicitly says : " some battalions may be combined together . left-click a battalion and move the mouse over another battalion . if an arrow appears , right-click to combine the battalions . combined battalions cannot be separated again . " the only combination of battalions i remember is a row of archers with a row of melee units . be careful what you click on with those units selected .
sadly , there is no gift-feature as in steam from origin itself . you can buy origin keys from internet sites and give the key to your friend . example sites ( taken from ampersand 's answer on a similar question ) gamersgate . com ( this site has a ' gift ' option which allows you to gift a game to a fellow user on gamersgate , or email it to someone ) greenmangaming . com gamefly . com
to unleash your awesome racial powers , first go to your magic menu . then , select your power . finally , unleash it with the z key . the z key is also the key that shouts are mapped to , so you can only have one shout or racial selected at a time . console equivalents are rb on the xbox 360 , and r2 on the ps3 .
mobs can be strong against a certain element , and will do reduced damage to them . the rest will always do 100% damage . so a ice vs a fire monster will do 100% normal damage , the same as lighting .
rule #1: stay alive if your support keeps feeding , you unfortunately can not do much about that . of couse you can try to protect him and/or follow his engages , but if this would just end in you dieing too it would be the worst thing to do . rule #2: do not overestimate yourself you by yourself alone can not do much without a support . it already requires a lot of skill to sustain and keep on with cs on a 1vs2 botlane . and if the opposing champions are even ahead of you , because they killed your support a couple of times it is even harder . do not try to make things up in some heroic action , you will just die and give them even more advantage . rule #3: stay calm and cs as long as you do not get ganks you have to play passively . just try to keep up at least a bit with the cs without getting yourself killed . in doubt just tower hug and take the last hits you can get there - even if you fall behind with cs then . in doubt ask the jungler if you can take golems or wolves ( depending on your side of the map ) . rule #4: ask for ganks if the jungler does not come by himself ask for ganks . there is nothing wrong with that - if he is at least a half decent jungler he will not let you beg for them . also your situation gives you one advantage -> most likely your lane will be pushed constantly , which means your jungler should have an easy time ganking . if your enemies are too strong you maybe even want to ask your ap carry to help you release some pressure on your lane too . rule #5: do not give up even if your team does not manage to gank your lane propery - do not give up . maybe the other lanes are doing fine and will carry the game . but if you give up , your team lost it is support and it is ad carry which will seal the defeat for your team .
the only method to kill fuzzies is to run into them while invincible due to the effects of a star .
as of the 1.05 patch , the blacksmith can now upgrade crafting reagents as well as tomes at a rate of 10:1 . so 10 blue materials from normal level will become 1 blue material from nightmare level . the option is available under the craft weapons tab , under a section called " crafting materials " .
as far as i know , no . the only way you can get a level 50 copy of moxxi 's bad touch " legit " without outside assistance is to donate to her for the first time when you are level 50 . it is totally worth it , even if it means screwing yourself out of both that gun and the good touch for most of the second playthrough . do not despair though . you can rely on outside assistance . another " legit " way to get your character a level 50 bad touch is to level some other character of yours to level 50 , then use the bank system to transfer it over to your " main " guy . a less " legit " way to get your character a level 50 bad touch is to use item duplication with somebody who does have it . duplication is simple : you , on the receiving end , host the game . your friend , on the giving end , joins your game . using windowed mode makes this easier . your friend touches a save point . in the save file the item is in his inventory . your friend drops the item to be duplicated . your friend quickly and forcefully closes the game ( if you are using windowed mode click on the × button on the titlebar . ) this discards unsaved changes . you grab the item . your friends relaunches the game and reloads the latest save file , where the item is still in his inventory . ? ? ? profit .
are you playing easy or normal ? the advice will not change much , but be aware that " easy " difficulty is actually quite tough and normal is very difficult . your first problem lies in " avoiding conflict " . you must maximize the amount of scrap you take in . it is worth pushing it to get every last piece . on easy there is a certain buffer you have that you will not on normal , but even there you are looking to collect scrap at every opportunity . fight everything you can . fight when you get a chance to run unless you are near dead . if someone offers to surrender , you will have to do your own calculations . surrendering generally gives more consumeables ( fuel , missiles , drone parts ) than scrap ; destroying an enemy gives more scrap and less of the other stuff . you need to think in terms of maximizing your scrap intake . hit as many planets in a sector as possible and fight as much as you can . you must also walk a fine line . you do want to horde scrap , but you need to spend some scrap to help in the early going . generally , you spend early scrap where it is most cost-effective . early upgrades : engine upgrades : generally speaking , you want to upgrade your engines quickly . engine upgrades snowball ; each engine upgrade increases dodge by 5% ( up to a breakpoint at like 6 levels of engines ) . your pilot and engines crew can skill up whenever your ship dodges . once they gain a level , your dodge chance goes up , and so on and so forth . engine upgrades are cheap . at the start of the game 1 level of engine upgrades ( and the reactor upgrade to power it ) is easily less than half the cost to add 1 point of shielding . the first couple of engine upgrades are some of the best scrap you will spend . i get 1 very quickly , and usually have 3-4 by the end of sector 2 at the latest . dodge is the only defense against ballistic ( missiles , bombs ) weaponry , and is also useful against regular energy weapons ( which are the most common type of weapon ) . useless against beams , though . weapons : if you can find a weapon , upgrading your offensive capabilities is an excellent idea . i like to hold scrap in reserve for this possibility . the next store might have a blaster mk i or ii , and these are typically must-buy for me . always be on the lookout for more weapons . weapon upgrades get expensive fast . most of your scrap saving is about hoping for weapon upgrades , or saving for things like drone control/crew teleporter . as to what to look for , blasters mk i and ii are exceptional items ( being very efficient from a power/system standpoint , requiring 2 weapons/power each ) . small bombs , ion bombs , and artemis missiles all require 1/1/ ( system upgrade/power ) but do at least 2 damage ( ion bombs do 4 ion damage ) . shields : you can ignore these at first . shield upgrades are great- they are the only beam defense , remember , and they are really helpful in asteroid fields . however it is a pricey upgrade . i will not touch this until i have at least 4 points of engines , typically . and i usually do not get a third point of shields until late ( that upgrade is likely to cost 150-160+ scrap in total ) . systems : both the crew teleporter and the drone control give you a lot of flexibility . you will need to find drones and crew-entities to use with them , of course ( drone control always comes with one drone though ) . these upgrades cannot help you out that much if purchased early . note , they are very common , so you do not need to worry about passing on them early . by the end of sector 2 i am saving scrap to get one or the other , if not both . note that the teleporter , once you can use two decent crew in tandem , will really maximize scrap gains . capturing ships gives the best rewards . augments : i consider automated re-loader a must buy ( pre-igniter as well , but it is super expensive ) . however , augments generally only help in the long term . still , i will alter early game plans to buy a choice one ( i will get a scrap arm as well ; if you plan on going drone heavy a drone arm is nice . i usually avoid the repair arm ) . crew : adding crew can be helpful . if you start with under 4 , you should get to 4 asap to work the " primary " systems ( pilot , weapons , shields , engines ) . if you want to use teleporters , keep an eye out for more . mantis and rocks are the best " combat " crew ( mantis do extra damage , rocks have 150 hp ) . note that when you fight slavers , they will typically offer you a slave to let them live . this can be an excellent way to pick up crew early . consider the cost benefits ; the cheapest crew is a human at 40 scrap , iirc . the most expensive cost 65 scrap , and it is not common to find them at stores . in the first sector , killing a ship probably nets you under 40 scrap . so if a slaver offers , take the deal ( even if it feels a little icky ) ! sub systems : do not neglect your doors ! if you start with doors 1 , the first upgrade is 20 or 25 scrap . i do not do it on sector 1 but i usually get it in sector 2 . this is a huge help in controlling fires and dealing with boarders . i do not always get the third point , and when i do it is usually late . sensors 2 can be useful in some circumstances . doors upgrades are great though .
with every x10 level you get higher chance of booster pack drop . also you get an additional showcase slot . you should read this : http://steamcommunity.com/tradingcards/faq
4 months late probably counts as a necro , but i only just realized that my hib4 had the soundtracks and got them myself :p . i was not satisfied with the answers present and after much research , i think i have nailed down the information not completely covered in other answers so this should help those who are sticklers like me . tl ; dr explanation cave story essentially has 3 sound tracks - original , remastered and new . all three are selectable to be used during gameplay from the options menu in cave story+ or at least they are in my steam install . the " new " soundtrack for cave story is a rearrangement by yann van der cruyssen for wii . the cave story+ sound track included with hib4 is a 44 track selection from this " new " sound track . this sound track is also included in cave story+ ( steam ) in ( Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\cave story+\data\base\Ogg ) +/- a few songs which i will cover in the answer . the " original " cave story soundtrack has 42 tracks listed + 2 added for +/wii . the site also lists 5 unreleased , but i will address the added ones in the answer and the unreleased in the extra information . the source of the track titles listed and the order come primarily from the fan-translation of the original game release and have been accepted within the fanbase . the translations are mostly pretty spot on . most of the tracks in the " original " sound track are part of the other sound tracks . these files can be found in cave story+ ( steam ) in ( Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\cave story+\data\base\Org ) in pixel 's proprietary . org format . there is also the " remastered " sound track that was present in cave story 3d on the 3ds . it is a rearrangement by danny baronowsky with feature arrangements by k-wix . it includes the same titles as the " original " sound track ( including wind fortress ) with 2 extra remixes . these files can be found in cave story+ ( steam ) in ( Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\cave story+\data\base\Ogg11 ) split into an intro and a loop . i will address these in the extra information . answer here is the matchup of everything file-per-file derived using sebastian wolff 's site which uses the order from cave story music , the steam files and some gameplay for confirmation : 40 of them match straight across the track xxxx is just a 21 second track of silence so you can ignore that . i do not think an extra album for 4 tracks that were included together with the rest is the correct solution . one approach to bonus tracks is to append them all to the end , but i prefer a case by case approach . i think intros are good to open a soundtrack with and that credits music makes sense at the end , followed by other bonus tracks , but it is up to your discretion for these 4 . credit wii . mp3 is credit music so why not call it wii credits and list it at the end as would be done with credits ? from what i have been told , this track was rearranged , but was never actually used even on the wii version . it is a bonus track as part of the " new " sound track . ika . mp3 is a musical reference to ika-chan so call it squid and put it wherever you please , but since it is a bonus track exclusive to the " new " sound track , you could just put it after the credits as that is where bonus tracks are usually placed . apparently this gets played on the title screen on pixel 's birthday . intro menu . mp3 is supposedly the music from the intro menu so i would just call it intro menu and place it first as the intro is the first thing of the game that you hear , but it is a bonus track exclusive to the " new soundtrack " , but it seems it was never used so you could put it there or somewhere at the end of the disc . the music actually used in all versions use the given sound track version 's track titled cave story . on the wii dashboard , it is not used either as it appears that a clip of tumult 's re-arrange of cave story from the cave story remix project ( disc 2 ) is used . jenka1b . mp3 is an alternate arrangemet of jenka 1 . i would call it jenka 1 alternate or jenka 1b . i would personally put it after jenka 1 , but as it is a bonus track exclusive to the " new " sound track and was not used so tacking it on at the end would not be wrong either . white is actually part of the " new " sound track and plays in my copy of the game , but was not included with the hib sound track . white may have been omitted from the wii release even though the track was rearranged so this may explain its omission . the file is in your game files in . ogg format and you can convert/add it if you wish a complete " new " sound track . kaze_intro . ogg and kaze_loop . ogg are not technically part of the " new " sound track as they are the same files copied over from the " remastered " sound track , but when you play wind fortress , as those files are with the " new " soundtrack files , it should play the " remastered " version of wind fortress , but i have not unlocked wind fortress yet and cannot confirm . extra information i am not sure how much of this applies to the hib install , but this is what i have found with my steam install . wind fortress and halloween 2 are present in the game files for the " original " sound track ( Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\cave story+\data\base\Org ) and can be grabbed from the cave story music web site . these should play when you have " original " music selected , wind fortress will play in the wind fortress and halloween 2 under special conditions . they are a part of the " original " sound track , but were not included in the many earlier releases because wind fortress was not included and i guess pixel wanted some cool omake so halloween 2 may play on halloween in place of another track ( *needs confirmation , but i believe i read this somewhere . sort of like how on christmas , all sprites are replaced , i also saw halloween replacement sprites in the game files so this would make sense ) . the unreleased tracks on the cave story music web site are from an old music server sort of deal and were acquired with a bunch of beta tracks . see the beta music page for the full story . you may want to grab them too for good measure and maybe place them as part of a separate cave story unreleased album if it suits you . Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\cave story+\data\base\Ogg11 contains 101 files . every song in this folder is broken into an intro and a loop except for lastbtl , meaning that there are 51 tracks here , but since silence is just that , the 3 fanfale tracks are the same as the 3 fanfare tracks , balcony and balcony2 are the same , credits and ending are the same , and bdown and breakdown are the same , there are actually 44 tracks . this is the " remastered " sound track which is a rearrangement by danny baronowsky with feature arrangements by k-wix and found on cave story 3d . the tracks need to be combined if you want to really add them to your music collection . i have done so personally , but as they are part of a commercial distribution rather than the free release of the original game , i don not believe i am at liberty to share them . notably , the new tracks added here are the remastered kaze ( wind fortress ) , lastcave2 ( last cave 2 ) ( either this or lastcave in this sound track was remastered by k-wix and the other by danny baronowsky ) , and wanpaku ending ( mischievous ending ? ) which appears to be a mystery as to who did it or if it is ever used in-game . i do not know how to swap the last cave music used in-game aside from file renaming , but there may yet be an in-game way as only one of them is used . edit : added more information per a discussion on the cave story tribute site forums .
how to breed the seasonal dragon the seasonal dragon is seen to the eye as a four element but in fact it is actually three and may be even less ! this 100% working breeding combination has been proven and confirmed by a long time dragonvale veteran that has been playing dragonvale since . . well the beginning of dragonvale ! the required elements to breeding this seasonal dragon are air , fire , and plant . this is not 100% certain if it is tri-element or dual-element yet but it definitely works and is the best breeding combination so far . to breed the seasonal dragon you must use a blazing dragon and a plant dragon in your breeding island or breeding cave . keep in mind that breeding this seasonal dragon does not matter in breeding left or right nor does the level . there is a higher chance of getting the seasonal dragon and rare dragons in the breeding island oppose to the breeding cave though . the breeding time is 48 hours . read more : http://www.gameteep.net/dragonvale-how-to-breed-seasonal-dragon-revealed/
they do , however , there does seem to be some sort of reduction in the effectiveness of vampiric effects when triggered by area-effect spells . the exact amount varies , but this is easy to verify in game if you switch between a single target and area spell .
i have just tested it and the golden age you get from reformation is unaffected by chichen itza or the great person shortening . it is affected by the persian unique ability , which increases the length by 50% to 9 turns . it is not affected by the game speed , reformation alsways gives you a 10 turns golden age . the length of the golden age from reformation no longer scales with game speed since the patch on 15 december 2010
in the aqueducts in gran soren , there is a gate leading outside . there is a riverside area there . check the schools of fish there and hopefully you will find the purse . however , it is possible that the location is random . regardless , you will definitely find it in schools of fish .
you can just hit the select button on the ps3 or back on the xbox 360 to access inventory . there you can turn off the armor option
depending upon how many times you eat hot npc frag grenade , you can expect it to take less time than either of the other stalker titles . it took me about 10 ~ 12 hours to get through all the areas and beat the game . also , if you played the original stalker , you might spend less time because you know some of the original areas that are being re-used . edit : i should also point out that depending upon how many caches you decide to go after , this can be extended by about 10 hours , but that also depends upon how often you use the guides to quick-travel . walking will take a while , but quick-travel costs money .
i completed the game , and in all my time playing , and having her follow me , i have never seen her wolf out . so , i guess not .
usually , in all the ac games , the back button ( just above the 4-directional button ) is used to open the map . for pc : tab typically opens the map ; for ps3 , press select .
the loot from the chest will be the same as a chest found in the level regardless of the goliath 's level . the goliath itself will drop better loot upon dying if it leveled . source : leveled loot goliathes a couple times
blink-jumping is the term used to describe combining the jump ( standard or enhanced with athletics ) with the blink power . you do it in the dream where the outsider first gives corvo his powers . in that dream , there are a few of the platforms that are out of reach of a normal blink ; you have to trigger blink , then jump , and release blink . this gives you ( a ) a farther range than you have with blink alone , and ( b ) the ability to move higher than you normally are able . as you increase your agility power , you are also able to jump further , and indeed to double-jump . both of these predictably increase your mobility with blink . with blink 2 and athletics 1 , it is quite amazing the freedom that using these together effectively can give corvo in terms of mobility . in the linked question , note that the answerer says " i do not really see how better jumping can help someone playing a stealthy non-killing character . . . " . i infer that this is the reason for the reference to blink-jumping .
hold alt and click on the map to ping . hold ctrl and you can use your mouse to draw .
so , i found the way to do this : first of all , in your server . cfg , set the tf_mvm_missioncyclefile parameter . the default file this points to gets overwritten on server updates . then , copy the file tf_mvm_missioncycle.res to your chosen file set in the parameter above . finally , edit this file to taste ( i will not provide example here , its fairly straightforward ) .
generally , no , not directly . the game is executing " out-of-process " , which means that the browser is not technically controlling the game , but rather sending commands to it . however , the browser will consume memory , and possibly cpu cycles which could have a negative impact . this will , of course , be the same as having the browser open at any other time .
in the help and options menu , profiles lets you choose a different profile and then start a new game without deleting any progress . then you can get the achievement as described in this answer .
as @saintwacko said , there is no way to edit spawners in vanilla minecraft , even in creative mode . mcedit will let you do this , though . it is a separate program for editing worlds . it is probably not the best tool for the job , and you will have to know where the spawners are that you want to change in order to do the work effectively . you will also have to take the server offline while you do the work . this also assumes you can sit down at the server , or at least get a remote desktop of it , otherwise you will have to transfer the world to your home machine to do the work .
yes . trophies can be unlocked by a group or in solo . it is normally best to buy all weapons by a group to unlock this trophy , to achieve this trophy effectively , follow this method : be fair when opening doors , each player should take turns to spend their points when opening doors . be prepared to gain many points before going out to buy all weapons . when ready to buy all of the weapons , use a grenade on a group of zombies ( when near to end of a round ) and make them legless which will leave you precious time to save running around to buy all weapons ( including you and your friends/team mates to spend points towards the doors ) . you may need about at least 10,000 roughly to spend on doors , and at least 12,000 to 15,000 ( from what i remember ages ago ) . which comes a total of between 22,000 to 25,000 points . the collector trophy does not require upgraded weapons or weapons from the mystery box . this may be quite hard to achieve unless you have a good motivation of escaping and surviving from a large swarm of zombies and also taking them down , be sure to make good use of your grenades for high points when used against a swarm of zombies ! optional : if you may want to test your luck , you can use the mystery box for a good , powerful weapon like the alien/ray gun could wipe out a lot of zombies in a few shots ( better when upgraded ) which will make you kick ass ! tip : do not camp . : )
most of the vampire builds for a nightblade insist on only getting a single ring with a crafted 1000 fire resistance bonus . this will also reach the fire resistance soft cap . for example , take kutsuu 's build . it is a mass-dps build with vampire tree . this guy is known to do the maths about his character and he explains quite simple and precise . so in short term , with vampire tree it is only possible to negate the vampire fire damage debuff , but you will not get more out of it because of the soft cap . that is why some vampire builds rely on light armor , where you can get additional spell damage reduction . ( fire damage and spell damage are reduced seperately . )
no . the controller is a bluetooth device and must be paired with the console it is going to be used with . the act of plugging it into the usb port and pressing the ps button enables the pairing sync . this is confirmed on the sony support page titled pair and assign controllers . you can read more about the subject of bluetooth pairing via this portion of the wikipedia page on the topic . your best bet to achieve what you want is to simply buy a second controller or leave an extra usb cable attached to the vita tv so you can tuck it away .
so far , the victory and commendation packs have always been awarded in the week following the n7 operation , usually on tuesday or wednesday of next week . n7 weapons earned from commendation packs are just like any other weapon in multiplayer - they start at level 1 , and must be earned again to advance to the cap of level 10 . so yes , the awards are cumulative - if you earn an n7 hurricane i in one operation , you can then earn an n7 hurricane ii in the next , or you could earn an n7 eagle i instead . it is just the luck of the draw .
you can meet azrael for the first time after rescuing catwoman right at the beginning of the game . he is present on top of a building right in front of the courthouse . interacting with him will cause him to disappear , leaving behind a symbol on the ground . scan it with your detective mission to begin the side quest ' the mysterious watcher ' . he can be found in three other locations all around arkham city and he will leave behind symbols for you to scan . scanning all symbols and solving a puzzle will lead you to his final location . meet with him there to complete the quest . guide
the faces that pop up in the jack-in-the-box are those of the crew at amanita design , the studio behind the game . that particular face is that of jaromír plachý , one of their animators/graphic designers .
here a list with all lulu 's quotes . the one mentioned was " transmogulate ! " that occurs when whimsy is cast on an enemy . a little trivia about lulu 's quote : casting help , pix ! on an enemy will place a debuff on the target and the tooltip reads " hey ! listen ! " at the end of it . this is a reference to navi from the legend of zelda : ocarina of time . her movement quote " yup , that tasted purple . " is likely a reference to philip fry 's similar quote from the futurama episode " the why of fry " ( "did everything just taste purple for a second ? " )
i actually use bartender for this purpose . while i am unsure as to exactly what you mean by : i have no way of telling what keyboard button my spells are with all of the stuff bartender adds . i will try to describe how i do it with my mouse and my nostromo . first of all , bartender can easily work with modifier keys , you simply enter key binding mode and press the combination ( alt-f ) for example , and it will be bound . i lay out my bars in whatever way i want them to look , put spells on the bars , and enter keybinding mode , hover over the button you want to bind , and press what you want - pretty simple . beyond that , you can do other things like hide the bars , or via the razer configs map the mouse buttons to more standard keyboard buttons .
dual-wielding does not mean you attack twice as often . there is a slight attack-speed benefit , but this is apparently being offset for you by the lower damage from the offhand weapon . according to this thread on the forums , the formula for number of attacks per second is ( ( main hand aps*1.15 ) + ( off-hand aps*1.15 ) ) *1/2 which means that if you had two identical weapons , dual-wielding would give you a 15% attack speed bonus . the main reason to dual-wield is that you get the bonus attributes from both items . this does not mean much early on when attributes are not very strong , but is a big incentive later on . however , compared to a two-handed weapon that does more dps , there is not a clear winner . it will mostly come down to whether you have found better one-handed weapons or two-handed , and what your preference is for faster attack versus stronger attack .
i just started up the game and it has language support for spanish . but while all text displayed was in spanish , the voices and dialogue were all still in english . additionnaly , i bought the steam version and live in canada . hope this helps !
according to sources on the blizzard forum , the secret level is called whimsyshire : whimsyshire is essentially a single-level dungeon , much like the dungeons you find randomly while exploring the wilderness . just like these random dungeons , it has chests and other lootable objects , plus a plethora of monsters , including some champion and unique monsters . level-wise , it contains monsters and loot that are roughly on par with the first act of nightmare ( if you are visiting the normal variant - i assume that it is roughly on par with the first act of the difficulty one harder than the difficulty you enter the portal in ) - nothing super difficult or super awesome . it may be worth visiting/farming if you have cleared the difficulty you are on , but are having trouble with the first act of the next difficulty . otherwise , it is probably likely to be underwhelming . in order to visit whimsyshire , you must craft a staff of herding , and take it to a specific area in act 1 . the staff of herding unlocking whimsyshire requires a staff of herding , which can be crafted at the blacksmith for 50,000 gold and requires the following items : black mushroom - cathedral level 1 the mushroom in a patch of mushrooms that occasionally spawn on level 1 of the cathedral ( screenshot ) . when you enter the room , your hero will remark about the unusual mushrooms . the room it spawns in always looks the same so you can look for it in the minimap . ( minimap screenshot ) . if you are past this point in the story , go to act 1 , mission 4: reign of the black king . travel from the new tristram waypoint to the cathedral garden , and then walk out the gate and back around to the front of the cathedral . open the door and descend to cathedral level 1 . leoric 's shinbone - leoric 's manor the shinbone is found occasionally in the fireplace of leoric 's manor . from the entrance to the manor , walk forward to the staircase , and hang a right . the room with the fireplace is on the first floor on the right side . a large painting of an old man hangs over the fireplace . if the shinbone is present , there will be logs in the fireplace . click the logs to get the bone . ( screenshot ) . if you are past this point in the story , return to act 1 , mission 9: the imprisoned angel . take the waypoint to leoric 's manor . backtrack through the manor into the room with the large statue overlooking a double staircase , and then head into the room to the northeast on your minimap . wirt 's bell - caldeum bazaar squirt the peddler sells this item at the hidden camp in act 2 . this vendor was moved in patch 1.0.4 to stand just up and to the right of the waypoint in the hidden camp . the item is on the " miscellaneous " tab . the cost for the bell is 100,000 gold . liquid rainbow - mysterious cave in dahlgur oasis from the act 2 waypoint " path to the oasis , " travel southeast . zaven the alchemist may be here , and if so you can save him to access the cave . ( screenshot ) the item is in a the " mysterious chest " which also may not spawn , even if you are in the right dungeon . if you are past this point , load act 2 , mission 7: blood and sand . take the " path to oasis " waypoint , as noted above . gibbering gemstone - caverns of frost in fields of slaughter this item drops from a " purple " class monster named chiltara that has a chance of spawning in the second level of caverns of frost , a random dungeon that may or may not appear in the fields of slaughter . other dungeons may appear here , but you can only find this item in the caverns of frost . from the waypoint " the bridge of korsikk " travel almost due east . you should see a small cluster of debris that has a small , u-shaped indentation in it . ( screenshot ) the dungeon may spawn northwest , or southeast of this debris . ( there are other potential locations , but these are the fastest 2 to check ) ensure this is the caverns of frost before clearing it ! if you have passed this point , load act 3 , mission 6: siegebreaker . take the waypoint to " the bridge of korsikk " as noted above . plans for the staff of herding - great span this item is a random drop from izual , who is a midboss on the great spire . unfortunately , there is not a " fast " quest checkpoint for this one - you are going to have to start act 4 , mission 4: prime evil , and then fight through the silver spire level 1 in order to get to the great span . izual tends to favor attacks that freeze you in place , so bring any skills you know which can break his freezing spell . many of the " movement " skills ( ie , spirit walk ) can do this . if you kill izual and he does not drop the plans , you will have to exit out , reset the quest to " quest start " and start over again , fighting through silver spire level 1 . for this reason , i would suggest being overleveled before you attempt this - fighting this area repeatedly is likely to be time consuming and frustrating if you can not just obliterate everything quickly . a few additional notes : given that most of these are random drops , in some cases from random monsters in random dungeons you can expect to invest a decent amount of work in getting each of these components . you may try to get the shinbone a dozen or more times , for instance . if you search the indicated area and do not find the item/dungeon/boss , you will have to exit back out to the character selection screen and resume the game again to get another chance . these items may spawn in other locations ; i have listed the locations where i or others have had good luck finding them .   the items are marked as " account bound " - so you will not be able to buy these at the auction house , for example . the staff of herding you create from this recipe only unlocks the normal difficulty variant of whimsyshire . to unlock whimsyshire on higher difficulties , you will need to upgrade the staff . you can find more information about how to find the plans for these upgrades in this question : how do i get higher difficulty plan : staff of herding ? opening whimsyshire once you have the staff , travel to new tristram by choosing any of the quests in act 1 past the point where the road to old tristram is open . from the new tristram waypoint , follow the road towards old tristram . when the path turns to the right past the abandoned houses , you will find a fissure in the ground along the southern edge of the path . nearby will be the ghost of the cow king . ( screenshot ) with the staff of herding in your inventory , clicking on the ghost will trigger a few lines of dialog , and then the fissure will open . other related questions : can i enter whimsyshire if i follow someone in my party with the staff of herding ? is there any achievement related to whimsyshire ? sharing whimsyshire crafting materials between difficulties do the staff of herding crafting items drop in all difficulties ? will a higher level staff of herding open the lower difficulty whimsyshire ? can you access the secret level in diablo 3 more than once per difficulty ?
everywhere . from every monster of an appropriate level for the pattern in question . aside from the components for the staff of herding , the infernal machine plan and keys and a handful of named magic items which are essentially easter eggs , there are no specific drop tables tied to any specific mob or location in diablo 3 . everything is completely random ( modified by magic find/nephalem valor as appropriate ) .
that terminal 's about halfway down the hallway between the elevator and the first of two security grids . coming from the elevator , i believe it is on the left hand side . looking at your screenshot , on the map it is to the right of you ; if you back out of the map you had want to look to your left . it is on the wall between two red couches . it should be highlighted with a circle when you approach it - if not , you might have missed a previous terminal or there could be some other issue . update : some users are reporting that the quest is potentially bugged - make sure if you start this mission that you run it through to completion before doing anything else !
i believe i found a solution to my problem although its more of a hacky work around however at least it works . . . basically host the lan secops game as you would usually but only with the host in game , the ai will then take up the other slots . once in game the helicopter will land safely with ai and host , then invite the other players to join who will take on either empty slots or an ai player . voila ! - you will then all be in game and in the same squad . steps : host lan secops game with only the host and ai . wait for the helicopter to land safely . invite other players to take over ai and empty slots . enjoy secops over multiplayer ! like i said this method is not exactly perfect but it gets the job done . if anyone else has any other methods or indeed better ones then please do not hesitate to give your answer !
in addition to the other answer , i have experimentally found that the lucky foot increases the chances of winning at the shell game in the arcade . the wiki says that the probability of winning on any single run is 33% , but when playing as cain i have recorded a greater than 50% win rate ( so far it seems to be 66% ) . edit : according to discussion on the item page on the wiki , the foot also makes you only get good pills . the comment said that collecting it turned a bad pill into a good pill like the phd item . edit 2: it appears that the womb levels decrease or nullify the effect of the lucky foot . i went to an arcade on the womb 2 and found that my win rate was below 50% . i tested with 140 consecutive runs of the shell game in the womb 2 and i won 77 times , so it looks like the win chance is a bit over 50% , but definitely not 66% . in addition , the lucky foot increases the chance of getting an item from the beggar . without the lucky foot , it often takes 4 or 5 coins before the beggar will drop a single item . with the lucky foot , however , i have never seen it take more than 3 coins for him to drop something .
after a significant amount of testing , of which glados would be proud , we managed to come up with a fairly simple table of data from which to formulate an answer . variation of about . 5 blocks to reach these results , i first enchanted my weapons until i had knockback i and knockback ii ( note : the minimum modified levels for these enchants are 5 and 25 , respectively ) . i then had my associate spawn zombies in the knockback testing super system™ so that i could attack the zombies from a safe , secure location . we first tested a normal sword ( no enchantment ) from a standing position , and then again while sprinting . we then repeated the process with enchanted swords . once we reached a definitive conclusion , we moved on to testing with bows and their related enchantments ( in this case punch ) . the results of our science can be found at the top of this answer . i hope this helped !
i believe i remember reading that the corruption itself cannot cross a gap , but if its vines grow across the gap , they will continue the spread of corruption on the other side . could be wrong though . i will try to find out more . edit : have not seen anything else to help , so that is all i have got : ) edit edit : okay , got it figured out . apparently corruption/hallow can jump up to three blocks to affect other blocks . you can prevent them from doing so by digging a 4 block wide channel . you may be able to leave it empty , but if you have trouble with corrupted vines , you may need to either fill it with ash , which cannot be hallowed/corrupted , or wall the edges with stone so as to prevent the vines growing .
when you receive a players guild card you will be given the ability to send them out on quests via " hunter for hire . " if the hunter is successful you will be rewarded with a variety of items , some of which appear to only be accessible via hunters for hire ( like the blossom cricket ) . by talking to the guild master in tanzia port you can change the type of quests the hunters will go on , rewarding you with different items . the options available to you are quest rank , which allows you to choose if you want hunters performing low rank , high rank , or g-rank quests ; locale , which allows you to choose a region for the quest ; and target , which allows you choose the quest type ( either small monsters , large monsters , or gathering ) . it is also possible to just choose any for any of the above options , which will not put any filter on the type of quests presented . you can increase the chance of success by hiring additional hunters to help on the quest . these extra hunters are just generic hunters , and do not require you to have any additional guild cards to do . you will get the option when you go to hire the hunter .
in your server 's bukkit.yml file ( generally found in the same directory as your server.properties ) you need to edit the line : allow-end : false to allow-end : true and then restart the server .
this is a major bug , most players have encountered it , and sadly there is no known workaround that lets you buy this house or start the mission that grants you the option to buy it from he steward .
console commands do not affect achievements in skyrim . i have used it to clip through places when i ended up falling and becoming stuck and still received achievements in the same session . i have also togged tgm on occasion while testing stuff and still received achievements after i finished testing without restarting my game . once you get past all the speculation , this thread seems to confirm that using console commands do not affect achievements at all . of note from that thread : one person got the buy a house achievement right after giving himself 5000 gold via additem . another person still continued to receive achievements despite walking around with an max encumbrance weight of 5000 via modav .
tier 1: ghost tier 2: sleight of hand or warlord . you need to attach a suppressor to your weapon tier 3: ninja or hacker . for a true stealth class , ninja would be the way to go but hacker is a good choice to sniff out those pesky claymores . for your lethal , i would use the tomahawk for silent kills . for your equipment , i would use the motion sensor to detect anyone that is near by .
i think the game had previously been installed for a specific user and then uninstalled . i worked around the problem by creating a new administrator account and used that to install the game . with that account the checkbox to install for all users was enabled and the game installed just fine . once i was done , i deleted the temporary account . thanks for all the input .
some skins were available only in collector 's edition : black alistar human ryze other skins were available only in some special events : riot squad singed pax jax pax twisted fate king rammus ufo corki victorious jarvan judgement kayle finally some skins are now known as legacy , they were available in store but are now not purchasable anymore . the list is quite long and is maintained here on league of legends wikia .
the only way to see another player 's banner is by joining a game with them . simply being in their party in-game ( on the menu screen ) is not enough , as only your own banner will be visible . likewise , you cannot see a player 's banner via their profile ( though you can see their individual heroes , including what they are wearing ) . once in game , either go to the center of town ( where the banner will be flying ) or ask the player to show you directly , with " g " .
i have just found it , finally . actually , it is not in the warehouses area itself , but in the sewers ' last level , right behind the warehouses .
play to the strengths of the class you are playing . these rules bend a lot but you will learn that with experience . assault - drop ammo packs near teammates . pick off guys at medium distance . long distance works well too but that is best effective on defense . shoot your grenade launcher at bunched up enemies . engineer - repair friendly vehicles , blow up enemy vehicles . shoot vehicles with the rpg-7 , shoot soldiers with the carl-gustav . the cg does less damage but the rocket travels faster and has a wider damage radius . your smg is best used at close range . any class can use the tracer dart , but here 's how to lock onto it . once it is on the vehicle , look down the sight of your rpg at the red blinking square in the direction of the beacon . once it stop blinking , you have about two seconds to shoot . you can even shoot straight in the air to curve it around buildings and terrain . you do not need line of sight to lock on . you do not need to stay aiming until it hits . once it is locked , it is locked , but the next time you shoot you will need to lock again . medic - drop med kits near teammates . revive dead teammates with your paddles ( they appear as lightning bolts on the map and your hud ) . your light machine gun does not do much more damage than other guns but you have quite a bit more ammo per magazine . best for medium distances . recon - throw your motion mines , this reveals enemies in a small area as blips on you and your teammates maps . use c4 to blow up vehicles that get too close ( you can not throw them very far ) and use mortar strikes to disperse camping enemies . mortar strikes do not damage the m-coms in rush , but c4 does . motion mines can also be an excellent offensive tool for rushing a building . spot . push the spot button like you are on crack . ( back on 360 , select on ps3 , q on pc ) this puts a blip over the enemies ' heads and on the map . this can also be very useful if visibility is low due to smoke or if you are not used to iron sights , since the blip is drawn on top of your weapon . do not drive vehicles until you have some experience . this includes the uav . it is fun , but you are not as invulnerable as you may feel and you can get blown up very quickly . blow up a few before you drive one . you can practice flying helicopters in empty servers . you do not want to crash a helicopter full of teammates . do not snipe . it takes a good sniper to be a benefit to the team . the problem is everyone wants to snipe and too many snipers on a team probably accounts for 20% of losses . in my opinion , sniping is most useful to your team at medium ranges since you can use your motion mines . this might be a given to some , but do not camp , especially when you are attacking . camping is staying in the same spot for more than a few minutes . the longer you stay in one spot , the more likely the enemy is going to find you and throw a grenade your way or otherwise kill you . be a moving target both in firefights and in the long term . spawn on your squadmates . you can spawn directly behind them by selecting them in the spawn menu . if the server allows you to see your squadmate before spawning then make sure he is not in too hot of a situation before you die alongside him and waste a ticket . shoot in short bursts . each shot adds to the spread cone of your bullets . just pretend it is a pistol and click a lot . bc2 uses bullet simulation instead of traces . so at long distances you will need to aim high and lead ( aim in front of ) your target . did i mention you should spot ?
the only way to actually poison someone is to take a vial of poison , combine it with a water ration , food , or a drug , and then get that person to drink the ration . a vial of poison is created using corrosive liquid , a battery and pharmaceutical products . you can then combine this with water , food or drugs to make a poisoned item . this will look completely similar to a normal item , except it will not stack with the normal items . meaning if you have a water ration in the bank , and you deposit a poisoned water ration in the bank , you see two identical icons in the bank , and you can not know which is which . it is not that easy to do , really . it is easier to get the town to banish him .
yes , items left on the ground remain there until picked up , or the game ends .
hm02 fly is received in coumarine city ( 4th gym badge ) . the professor will give it to you as part of the story , if i remember correctly .
just use their abilities in battle as much as possible . i have not seen any math suggesting how the progression works . i have a level 3 psychic who has used uprwards of 6-7 abilities in total . she has secured 3 psi kills iirc . last mission she used an ability once and only damaged and enemy but that leveled her to 3 .
unconscious bodies are vulnerable to being eaten by rats . you can store them in garbage bins to make them completely safe . the same holds true of corpses . there is also an ability that turns corpses you kill ( level 1: stealth kills only , level 2 , both ) to ash , making it a non issue . a kill is a kill where chaos levels are concerned . tucking the bodies away/disposing of them helps prevent you being detected in mission , but if they are actual corpses they are going to contribute to potential chaos level increase regardless .
it does require you to be online because it is gps bound and the system needs to verify that you are actually near the portals you are working with - in real time . for that it needs to read your gps signal and transfer it to the game servers . further , once you interact on the same portal as someone from the opposition in real time , the game needs to be aware of that . an offline mode would not allow this . if an offline mode would be working , you would be able to cheat the game by just pretending to be in a certain location .
sometimes the mails take more than an hour , as confirmed by customer support , but you should file a ticket if it gets ridiculous : you may need to wait some time for the money to be delivered . if it has not arrived a few hours after your item sold , please create a ticket with as many details as possible ( item , price , approximate times ) and we will investigate . and here : any user experiencing this loss of gtn mails should contact us for investigation into your individual cases . note that sometimes the "1 hour " mails do not show up or do not auto-delete which could be confusing you . most of the time i pop open my mail and hit select all , then get all attachments ; as such i miss a lot of the contents . whenever i have wondered if i missed getting a payment i have assumed that i just grabbed it without thinking . perhaps you are doing the same thing ? in any case it is certainly not related to your account type ; preferred players get all credits from the items they sell ( minus the normal gtn fee and any extra if you go over the 350k credit cap ) , just like subscribers .
looks to be an action replay . you insert it into your system , and then a game into the action replay . typically allows for cheating in games and copying save files . gamestop often sells them , whereas i have not seen them sell flash carts .
upon completing the game , you will unlock new game+ , which transfers your stats and adds first-person view after the intro . near a purple or white pillar , go into first-person view and look for a string of white tetrominos ( tetris blocks ) . they can be converted to buttons with the tetromino cipher . if the white string is vertical , read it with your head tilted to the right . then convert the tetrominos and punch them in . the sequence should be about eight units long , and unique for each game . an anticube will appear above the pillar . here are the codes , if you are lazy : lighthouse purple pillar : \u2191 LT RT \u2191 LT \u2191 RT \u2191 forest white pillar ( first ) : \u2192 RT \u2190 LT \u2190 \u2191 \u2193 A forest purple pillar ( second ) : LT A RT \u2191 \u2193 LT RT A forest white pillar ( third , near temple warp zone ) : \u2190 \u2190 \u2193 \u2193 \u2192 \u2192 \u2191 \u2191 the u-shaped tuning fork pillars work differently .
dodge now been removed from the game . dodge items do not stack additively . for example , jax , with level 5 counterstrike , has 18% dodge chance . if he then picks up ninja tabi ( +12% dodge ) his total dodge chance is 28% ( and not 30% ) . it is easiest to simply calculate the highest %dodge first ( as they stack multiplicatively , order is actually irrelevant ) : in our case , the 18% dodge chance from counterstrike is simply added ( 18% of 100% hit chance is 18% ) so jax 's dodge chance is 18% , and his " be hit " chance is 82% . next , the dodge chance from ninja tabi is added . 12% of 82% " be hit " chance is 9.8% , which then gets added to the previous 18% , for a grand total of ~28% dodge chance . if there were another dodge item ( say , an identical version of ninja tabi that stacked with itself ) , the +12% dodge would be 12% of 72% , or 8.6% increase . the reason dodge is handled this way is such that the mitigation of dodge as a stat scales linearly ; were dodge strictly additive , the more dodge% you had , the more damage further dodge% would reduce . ignite casting ignite on an already ignited target will reset the duration of the dot , losing any remaining damage the original ignite would have done . speed i am just going to quote from the " mechanics faq " from the official lol forum . q : how do movement modifiers work ? ( credit to larias ) a : first , you have your base movement of say 300 . you add boots first , always boots first , so if you have boots added . let 's say you get boots 2 . that is 370 movement . then , you get 35% movement speed buff from items or runes or masteries or buffs : that 370 is multiplied by 1.35 , or 499.5 movement speed . if this is the only thing affecting your movement speed , the diminishing returns formula kicks in . now , let 's say you get slowed by 38% ( ashe arrows ) . what happens is the original 499.5 is multiplied by . 62 , and you get 309.69 movement speed . because 309 is not above or below diminishing returns , you stay at that speed . q : what are these diminishing movement returns ? ( credit to guinsoo ) a : for each point of movement you would have above 490 , that amount is reduced by 50% . so if your final movement speed was 748 , it would be reduced to 490 + ( 748-490 ) *0.5 = 604 . for each point of movement you would have above 415 , it is reduced by 20% . so if your speed after all mods was 445 , you would end with 415 + 30 * 0.8 = 439 . q : do slows stack ? a : yes and no . slows from items do not stack among themselves ( phage , frozen mallet , rylai 's crystal scepter ) . however , all other slows stack . just like the diminishing returns for bonus movement speed , being slowed has diminishing returns starting at and below 210 . and one addendum : the strongest slow/speed boost is always applied first . lifesteal lifesteal has no diminishing returns . if you hit an opponent for 20 damage , and manage 200% lifesteal , you will regain 40 health . lifesteal is based on damage done , so it is reduced by armor ( which does not have diminishing returns , see below ) and doubled ( or more ! ) by crits . attackspeed +attackspeed from items is additive and references the base attack speed of the champion . buying two phantom dancers , for example , gives you 110% additional attacks per second , but because they are additive , the effect does not increase due to any other items you may have . attack speed has a hard cap of 2.5 attacks per second . armor and magic resistance the effectiveness of armor and magic resistance do not suffer from diminishing returns . please see this answer for a fully detailed explanation of why .
try looking at docm77 design its really good :
yes you can . if you want to play online , however , you need to play splitscreen and the other player on your console ( there is a max of 2 players per console when playing online ) has to have gold account . you will play as a guest ( not with your account ) . if you want to play offline it is ok to create up to four splitscreen matches . summary : someone in your console must have the gold account to play online . but does not have to be you . of course , without your account you will not be in the clan unless the friend in your house is .
yes , this " tiny castle " is in fact linked to their clan castle . when in a clan , you can request troops from your clanmates . if you have troops in your clan castle , they will automatically defend your base if it is attacked and the attacking troops enter the clan castle 's radius . alternatively , you can deploy these troops to bolster your own forces during a raid . they will show up in the troop selection bar with an icon denoting your clan 's shield . deploying them is an all-or-nothing affair . either of these two things will use up the troops in your clan castle .
some items can indeed be disassembled to their base components in dota 2 . the only way i know to disassemble an item is to right click the item and a list of options will appear one of which is " disassemble " ( if that item can not be disassembled this option wont appear ) . when you select this option the base components will be dropped to the ground so be careful where you do this . these items can currently be disassembled : ring of basilius => sage 's mask , ring of protection ring of aquila => wraith band ring of basilius perserverance => ring of health void stone sange and yasha => sange , yasha ethereal blade => eaglesong , ghost scepter mjollnir => hyperstone , maelstrom , recipe arcane boots => boots of speed , energy booster helm of the dominator => helm of iron will , morbid mask shiva 's guard => mystic staff , platemail , recipe manta style => ultimate orb , yasha , recipe abyssal blade => sacred relic , skull basher list found here : http://dota2.gamepedia.com/disassemble edit : the first blood update coming september 23 will allow all items to be disassembled within 10 seconds of making that item . in addition , items which can be disassembled say so in their tool-tip as of this update . http://www.dota2.com/firstblood ( under gameplay )
if you want to optimize your torch consumption , i think the best pattern would be this : oranges dots are torches yellow dots are sufficient-lit blocks gray dots are insufficient-lit blocks , where mobs can spawn
if i understood your question right , the light blue part is the new xp you acquired by the latest event . and their sum ( solid + light parts together ) is the total xp you have .
no , this is not related to balance , and is actually strategy related . the origins of banning heroes comes from a match type called -cm , or captain 's mode in dota . in captain 's mode , teams take turns banning heroes they do not want the other team to use whilst picking their own heroes for the match . one person from each team ( the person in the first slot ) is the one who makes these decisions , so you usually only play cm with a group of people you are familiar with since it requires a lot of coordination . in professional level play , this becomes extremely important as you want to prevent the other team from picking heroes that they are adept at , or countering the heroes you picked . for example , say you wanted to go with an " all push " strategy that relies on pushing down lanes to end the game fast ( with the drawback that if you do not end the game early , the other team will easily overpower you over time with their " late game " heroes ) . your team will probably want to ban any heroes that can counter these pushes , or easily kill their heroes . while balance/imbalance can certainly have a factor from patch to patch , professional level play sticks to a version of the game that is considered " stable " by the community .
items will disappear if they are on the ground for 5 minutes after you die . this timer starts ticking as soon as you die ; even on the death screen that timer is going to keep counting , so if you go take a break to grab some food and come back to find out your character 's been lying around dead for 10 minutes , your items are gone . also , dying in lava or fire will make you lose any items that fall into the flames . items that fall onto cactus are also destroyed . caveat : if you spawn far enough away from where you died and the chunk becomes unloaded , the item timers will freeze until the chunk is loaded again .
you can see what other civs and/or city states have things to trade with you ( or in the case of city states share with you if you become allied ) from the " diplomacy overview " screen . either pull open the " quick " diplomacy view ( top-right ) and hit the button at the top of the pop up . or there is a menu button near the top-right as well , which gives access to several overview windows ( diplomacy , military , economic , etc ) .
these effects are described in the help topics ( if you hit esc , then choose help topics ) . basically they just affect combat damage in various ways . specifically : retribution : sometimes damages the attacker when you get hit bloodletting : sometimes causes bleeding when you hit enemies doom : increases critical strike damage ( i think ) warding : i checked this ; it provides a chance to stun enemies that hit you . sure excited for this game to be out for real though !
according to halfbrick 's rolling inventory faq how does it work ? all jetpacks and outfits , both new and old , are now on a giant loop . there will always be a set number of items available for purchase and these will be rotated on a weekly basis . as new items are added , others will be cycled out . these could be completely new items or fan-favourites returning to the game . the process continues until we’re back at the beginning . what happens if i miss an item ? is it gone for good ? nope ! it’s important to note that no items have been permanently removed from the game . items which are currently missing will eventually return as the cycle progresses . what about the rainbow jetpack ? i can’t get the hippy achievement ! don’t worry , it will definitely be back . keep an eye on our facebook and twitter pages so you don’t miss out ! if it is not available for purchase in the stash right now ( it will be in the top of the list with items available for purchase ) , then it has likely been rotated out for a while . i suggest checking back once every so often to see if it is there and maybe keep some coins reserved for the purchase so that you will not miss it next time . according to the faq , " it takes approximately 22 weeks for a full loop to complete . " so you might have to wait a while , but that means you will have plenty of time to collect coins .
the cities you are not playing currently are frozen in time . however , if you volunteer your services to another city , that city will be able to use them regardless of the city being active or not . you can absolutely volunteer all of your services to one city , and then change those when you want to work on another city . the only caveat here is that you have to have a road connection to that city in order to volunteer the vehicles . so you cannot volunteer every vehicle in a region to one city . not all cities have direct connections . it can be a bit annoying because you may not have a direct connection to a city that is right next door . also , when you volunteer your services to another city that you are not playing , you get money from that city for the services . i have not seen any situation where you pay money for services volunteered however .
yes you can for certain items - for example , when i look in my steam inventory at my many copies of dota 2 , i can select one and a " permanently delete gift . . . " button appears as per below ; this option does not appear for all items , for example if i select any of the new trading cards they do not have a delete option and the option is not present for the copy of xcom i have from the tomb raider pre-order - in these instances you can gift them to your friends or , if they are marketable , sell them on the steam market . in the instance of your " no longer valid " gifts , i would suggest contacting steam support if the " permanently delete gift . . . " option is not available for you .
found this on gamefaqs for the ps3 version which is the same as the xbox version . for this event you will need to build up your bar by drifting as well as avoiding missiles . once you have done that use your level 2 power play ( circle ) button to deflect the missiles back at the helicopter . destroy the helicopter as fast as you can to reach the target time you need to get 1st .
when you sell an item to a vendor , that item will be placed in a buyback list at the vendor . but , if you either quit the game , or leave the zone where you sold the items , this buyback list will reset itself , and the items will become unavailable . there is also a cap of 20 items in this list , meaning if you sell 21 items , the first item you sold will be gone from that list . source
as of the 1.05 patch on 10/16/2012 , monsters gain a 70% hp increase for each additional character . so a 4-person inferno party would face monsters with 210% more health than a solo character . ( prior to 1.04 , the % increase per character was higher on higher difficulty levels ) . patch 1.08 reduces the hp-buff to 50% per player , resulting in a maximum of 150% more health . this increase is applied after any increase for monster power level . so at inferno mp1 with one player , monsters have 150% hit points . with four players at mp1 , they would have ( 150 * 3.1 ) = 465% hit points . update : there used to be a bonus to damage on higher difficulty levels , but it was removed in a hotfix on june 8 , 2012 .
merchants will only appear if you have a road connecting to an edge of the map while also overlapping a square of a designated hall surface . merchants much like immigrants will be more prone to appearing when you start accumulating wealth . wealth is seen as iron , silver and gold ingots . as of 1.1 merchants are more likely to appear if you connect roads to more then 1 side of the map maxing at 4 ( obviously ) .
i did some looking and there appear to be a good variety of glitches in which dragons can die . some of them might fit your scenario : dragon flies ( glitches ) into ground and dies . thunder sound , death throes animation , dead . no soul absorbed but this guy was pretty far away and never engaged the dragon : there are a few recorded accounts of dragons dying when they land . this one shows a dragon that was at full hp who lands , dies , and the soul is still absorbed : same case as before , but the dragon was damaged : there are plenty of other videos in which dragons die as the result of glitches , but i think that these three best match your scenario out of all of them . let me know if this helps ! here is an example of a dragon simply spawning dead in front of a player ; the " dead dragon glitch " you mentioned earlier . this one does not match your scenario too well , but appears to be fairly common : for the sake of showing that it appears to be possible , here 's a video showing two dragons going at it ( uhh . . . fighting ) : was not able to find a video of alduin attacking other dragons , though .
it depends on how you want to build it . indeed , in torchlight 2 , the stats are not the usual " obvious " ( strength for melee , intelligence for mages , etc . ) . from this wiki : strength increases all weapon damage increases damage done by critical strikes note that " all weapon damage " includes all weapons , including ranged weapons and weapons that do elemental damage such as staves and wands . dexterity increases critical strike chance increases dodge chance ( the chance to evade an attack ) increases fumble recovery ( reduces the damage penalty for fumbled attacks ) focus increases maximum mana increases all elemental damage increases execute chance ( the chance of attacking with both weapons simultaneously when dual wielding similar weapons ) vitality increases maximum health increases armor increases block chance ( chance to block when using shields ) as an outlander fighting on range , i assume you will want to maximize your critical damage : strength will increase your damage ( raw and critical ) dexterity will increase your critical chance another aspect to keep in mind is the weapon requirement . shotgonnes usually have a stat requirement on dexterity . cannons usually have a requirement on the strength ( and sometimes vitality ) . so depending on which one you will favor , you can set your attributes more in one or the other direction .
" you have to wait 20+ years for all the radiation to turn into ground pollution ( which trees help clean up ) " answer by guillaume pierre - the lead gameplay scripter and a designer update " also the lowest radiation area will take about 34 years to go away , with each band of intensity being 2x that " answer by chris schmidt - tuning designer at maxis
nope . well , you just made a big mistake : you approved before checking everything . the game is very harsh in this regard and does not allow you to roll back your decision , once you have given back the document . this is part of the message - think before you act , even if it takes valuable time . . . or just push your luck . also : you do not get fined immediately for a simple error - you get two chances every day to make mistakes ( intentional or otherwise ) , and then the fines start kicking in .
no it will not stack on top of your own rend . two barbarians can cast rend and they will stack , but casting rend again on your own will only refresh the current rend , not add a new dot . this is actually how majority of dot 's work in diablo 3 , they will all refresh themselves but not stack , unless two different characters cast the same spell . the only exception i can think of is magic weapon - venom for wizards , it will stack on itself .
no , you cannot get more than 100/second by planting more lollipops . however , there are a few items that will increase your lollipop production : shell powder - 3x lollipops ( earned by jumping off a dock picking it up from the floor ) pitchfork - 3x lollipops ( earned by entering the castle and finding it - it is in one of the dark rooms ) green shark fin - 5x lollipops ( earned by jumping off a dock and killing a color-finned shark ) the items stack , for a total bonus for 45x : note : according to the descriptions , the " green shark fin " is the only fin to give a bonus to lollipops , but there appears to be a bug that causes any shark fin to give the bonus . in the above picture , i only have the red shark fin . . .
this is a standard problem in minecraft , and a known bug . fix it by pressing f3 + a to refresh your chunks , or failing that , logging out and back in again .
yes it is possible . controlled unit has all abilities to use . i have uploaded video demonstration to youtube
most probably , you have redownloaded a version for a wrong region of the game . eu forums are full of people who accidentally logged in to the americas . recenty , blizzard has begun preparing to launch global play with the release of heart of the swarm . they have converted any regional licenses of starcraft ii to global ones . this means you can now download any language version ( if you have a non-restricted license ) and play in any region with it . the problem is , until march 12 , there is no " region " button in the ui , so you can still only log in to the region corresponding to your game language . fixes : to the game : go to " download games " on battle .net, look for a " change " link , switch to your language version and redownload the game . wait for march 12 , click " region " on the login screen and log in to the correct region . use a hack to enable region selection in the current version : see this post , look for " regions . xml " . note that mentioning this is forbidden on battle .netforums . to the website profile : http://eu.battle.net/sc2/en/profile/327959/1/Orc/ \__ server \__ realm code  the website actually should be perfectly fine , you just need to find the right one : ) check if you are logging in to the right battle .net, and then try to find your profile . i am not sure how to navigate to different realm characters on the same server , but i would assume it allows to select what character you are logging in with when you do .
disclaimer : this is ( once more ) a post about the tool i wrote for this actual purpose . so yes , this is self-promotional . . . kind of . well , not kind of actually , it is self-promotional . . . sorry . as further full disclosure , i do not know of any other launchers which can do that , only of the workaround i will post in the next few seconds . if you can live with the limitation that you will not be able to login at mojang ( and so can not play on servers which demand authentication ) you can use the easyminelauncher . it is a simple replacement for the official launcher which grants you all kinds of options , but the important one for you is to change the home directory . you can do it like this : java -jar -Xmx1024M -Xms1024M EasyMineLauncher.jar --parent-dir=/path/to/your/new/dir/  additionally , the launcher will give you some further options : the directory of the jars the minecraft . jar directly ( which allows renaming of said jar ) the directory of lwjgl the directory of the lwjgl native files the directory of the .minecraft directory ( by default ~/ ) a username some window options a server and port to directly connect to for further information please see the readme .
arcane enchanted - monsters summon a purple laser beam that slowly spins and deals arcane damage . with multiple of these going , you are going to be navigating a maze to get through it . when they spawn , they indicate which direction they initially face before fully appearing . avenger - only champions can have this . whenever you kill one , the others grow in size and hit harder . the last one left will hit the hardest of all . desecrator - enemies create a fiery ( in appearance ) zone of damage underneath player characters that deals physical damage over time . damage starts low but ramps up quickly . electrified - enemies spew out lightning in all directions whenever they take damage . extra health - self-explanatory . the bonus health is significant . fast - self-explanatory . the monsters are considerably faster . fire chains - this appears on champions only . when close enough together , there are chains of fire linking the champions to each other that deal damage over time to players who stand in the way . frozen - enemies will spawn frozen orbs that spin for a while , damaging and slowing players , and then explode . the explosion deals cold damage and freezes you in place for a few seconds . frozen pulse - an orb of ice pulsates and moves around the battlefield , slowing and damaging players near it . after a while it will explode , dealing extra damage . health link - when attacking a champion with this trait , the other champions nearby will take part of the damage . this makes it tough to take down groups , but has no affect if one is isolated . horde - this can only appear on rare enemies . they get extra minions . illusionist - enemies can create 4 clones of themselves . the clones have severely lowered damage and health . jailer - the monsters can imprison players so they take some damage and can not move for a few seconds . knockback - the monsters can knock back the hero a significant distance ( a little over one screen length ) . the player is slowed significantly after the knockback effect for a few seconds . missile dampening - this one seems to be rather rarer than the rest . it can only appear on rare enemies . the leader ( but not the minions ) constantly has a rather large bubble around itself that moves to remain centered on the enemy . the speed of all ranged projectiles that enter the bubble are greatly decreased , although if they do make it all the way to the target they will still inflict full damage . molten - enemies leave a trail of fire where they walk that deals fire damage over time to players who stand on it . they also explode a few seconds after they die , dealing damage in an area around their corpse . mortar - enemies gain a ranged attack that fires a volley of a few lobbing bombs every couple seconds . there is a minimum attack distance for the mortars , so standing right near the enemy will protect you from this attribute . this is very dangerous for ranged characters . nightmarish - enemies that hit you will cause you to flee for a few seconds . orbiter - enemies create a central electric sphere , with smaller electric spheres orbiting slowly around it at different distances away . all said spheres deal damage if they touch you . this covers a very large area , but none of the sources of damage are that difficult to dodge . plagued - enemies can create giant pools of poison that deal damage over time to players . these pools are quite large and last a long time and can easily cover the entire floorspace of a room . poison enchanted - marks an area on the ground as poison , which then spreads in 4 directions diagonally and lasts for a few seconds . standing in the poison deals damage , but it is avoidable if you pay attention . reflects damage - dealing damage to the enemies deals a bit back to yourself . a static amount of damage is reflected each time you hit the target . it is only active for short periods of time during the fight . there is a noticeable graphic change associated with the reflect damage effect while active . shielding - enemies can turn invulnerable for a few seconds at a time . the effect is fairly frequent , with about a 50% uptime of invulnerability . teleporter - enemies can teleport . thunderstorm - enemies create lightning strikes that also emit small waves of electricity . vampiric - enemies gain life when they deal damage . this also counts damage from other attributes . for example , if you stand on the plague zone from a plagued enemy who is also vampiric , they will gain health . vortex - enemies can suck you next to them and damage you from more than a screen length away . waller - enemies can create walls to prevent escape . they are very good at placing the walls , and will often barricade you in with them . many ranged abilities cannot go over the walls , even things that appear like they should . for example , a witch doctor 's firebomb cannot go over the wall . it is worth noting that rares and champions place their walls differently . rares will never give their minions the waller ability , but their walls will create long hallways with a blocked end , essentially caging you in with the rare . champions each can only create one wall each , which has the possibility to trap you in a much smaller area because the layout is not predetermined . wormhole - enemies can create two portals . after a short time , players at either location will be teleported to the other location .
i think this post need an update for anyone looking for up-to-date information . with the patch 1.0.3 , the upgrading cost of the blacksmith as been greatly reduced . that said , the blacksmith tier unlock costs break down like this , still actual for 1.0.7 and 1.0.8: normals tiers free 5,000 gold 6,000 gold 10,000 gold nightmare tiers 12,000 gold + 2 pages of blacksmithing 20,000 gold + 6 pages of blacksmithing hell tiers 22,000 gold + 4 pages of blacksmithing + 2 tomes of blacksmithing 30,000 gold + 6 tomes of blacksmithing inferno tiers 28,000 gold + 4 tomes of blacksmithing + 2 tomes of secrets 40,000 gold + 9 tomes of secrets this puts maxing the blacksmith at a total of 173,000 gold and some cheap books . since there is not modification for the jeweler , to maximize both artisans , you need : 313,000 gold 12 pages of blacksmithing 20 pages of jewelcrafting 12 tomes of blacksmithing 20 tomes of jewelcrafting 51 tomes of secrets
there is a way to respec , up to a point . you have the option to respec your 3 most recently spent skill points . this means that you can invest a little into a combo of skills that you want to try , and if you do not like it you can claim up to three points back . to get a respec visit the npc in estherian enclave , the first town you will find , who will perform skill respecs for you at a small gold price . you cannot respec your strength , dexterity , focus , and vitality attributes . however , as pointed out in @shamefulmer 's answer , if you do not like the built-in system , you can modify your save file instead . the easiest way is to replace your shared stash save file with one that is full of respec potions . there is such a file available on the forums as shared stash respec potions . this does not mark you as a cheater . to summarize the instructions on the forum , being careful to not delete everything currently in your shared stash ( it would not hurt to move everything valuable out of there ) : ensure that the game is closed and that steam cloud saves are disabled . backup your shared stash save located in C:\Users\&lt; username >\Documents\My Games\Runic Games\Torchlight 2\save\RandomNumber ( replace &lt ; username > with your username ) . it should be called sharedstash.bin . you can either move it somewhere else or change its name . download the file from the forums and save it to the same location . this will replace your shared stash with respec potions . open up the game , load the character you want to respec in a single-player game and take as many potions from your shared stash into your character inventory as you want . close the game and restore the downloaded sharedstash.bin with the file that you backed up . re-enable steam cloud saves , and enjoy the game ! you will still have your old shared stash and your character should be carrying all of the potions that you took out . you are free to put them back into your shared stash and use them with other characters as well . using these potions will not mark your character as a cheater , like some other methods do .
you gain 20xp per day survived , regardless of how many days have passed . this means that now , to unlock every character up to woodie it takes 80 days . the detailed xp requirements for each character are the following : wilson : starting character ; willow : 160xp ; wolfgang : 320xp ; wendy : 640xp ; wx-78 : 960xp ; wickerbottom : 1280xp ; woodie 1600 xp . at the moment of this update there are also two additional characters , but they are not unlocked with the experience points , but by playing the adventure mode .
windhelm probably offers the highest convenience factor . the market neighborhood , directly to the south , offers access to a full set of outdoor smithing equipment , as well as an arcane enchanter , at least three ' high-value ' merchants ( two general goods , including niranye who is a fence , and a blacksmith ) , all without a loading screen . the house itself offers both alchemy and enchanting facilities , as well as the highest number of display racks for equipment of any home , and windhelm offers an additional battery of merchants over in the grey quarter on the eastern edge of town . downsides include the somewhat high price , long distance from windhelms fast-travel point , the prolonged string of quests required to buy the house ( you basically must resolve the civil war ) , and the potential for significant bugs related to the blood on the ice quest , in which the house is involved . riften deserves an honorable mention for thieves guild members . while it lacks smelting services , the upgraded ratway , with it is 4 additional merchants , puts somewhere in the neighborhood of 12,000 merchant gold in close proximity - easily the most of any city . those who choose to take the moral high-ground may find the mercantile climate of whiterun to be more hospitable however .
skill points from racial bonuses , books , trainers and twists of fate are permanent and non-transferable . only points from leveling can be redistributed . when you respec they are added to your base stats for the skill the same as your racial allocation from when you created your character . so for example , you choose a bonus at the beginning of the game for +2 blacksmithing , read a book and visited 2 trainers . when you respec , you will find you have 5 points locked into smithing .
the ps2 eyetoy is essentially a qvga ( 320x240 ) webcam , which is paired with image and gesture recognition software to create a device capable of detecting objects and simple movement . kinect is essentially a vga webcam ( 640x480 ) paired with a vga infrared sensor/emitter array . when paired with the proper software , this not only allows it to detect objects in 2d , but also depth and motion in 3d .
have you tried not having an awful military ? he probably passed that other civilization because unlike you , it had defenses that could stand up to him . the computer gets huge starting advantages on deity , and it is smart enough to take advantage of that by attacking early . all the other civs have the same starting advantage except for you , so it makes perfect sense for them to target you unless you build up defenses quickly . you can not just focus on future growth and expect the computer to leave you alone long enough to catch up ( although it is also highly unlikely that you will catch up without attacking one of the other civs ) . will this put you further behind in terms of economy ? yes , which is what makes deity so difficult . so yes , it is possible , you just need to adjust your style .
you may notice , from time to time , you or enemies will take a few steps back and not act for a few seconds : that is stagger . it is essentially a very short duration stun . tower of strength simply reduces the chance of getting staggered by 50% . stagger is not affected by conditioning , which only affects the weight value of equipped heavy armor .
no , while you spend time in a node ( ie , repairing your craft , organizing your crew or weapons , shopping , upgrading , in combat , etc ) there is no movement of the rebel fleet . they only move when you make a jump within a system . in a non-nebula system , jumping through nebula will make the rebel fleet slow dramatically . it is hard to estimate the effect exactly , but at a glance their progress seems to be halved . i do not believe that the effect is as dramatic in nebula-type systems . if you hover over a nebula jump node in the system , you can see this on the tooltip . there are also certain events that will either speed up or slow down the rebel advance . for instance , if you encounter a rebel scout and fail to destroy it before it charges its ftl drive , you will find that the next advance of the rebel fleet will be much larger . likewise , there are certain automated rebel craft that can be hacked to slow the fleet 's advance .
i think this is intentional , the game gets difficult every time you finish it , i played in in heroic level it was working fine , but in the legendary level the mountain crossbow is not firing . this is intentional to make the game this time more difficult .
once you have the game in your steam library , you own that license and can install it on as many computers as you want* . simply install the steam client , log in , and you will be able to download and install any games you own . if your program files were recovered , you can save some time and bandwidth after you reinstall steam by copying what is in your old \steamapps folder to the new one for example , copy [your backup drive]\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\ to C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\ ( or wherever you installed the client ) . if you wanted to just copy ( all ) games between two functional computers you could do the same . *beware games with additional 3rd party drm
i tested this on 1/17/12 - results may change in the future . a friend and i went out to the bridge on 2fort . we used a teleporter as the marker , and a dispenser as the target . i incrementally moved the dispenser closer and closer to the teleporter , while he puffed at it with the phlog . when the dispenser started taking damage , i left it there , and he switched to the standard flamethrower . when he got back , the flamethrower blast did not reach the dispenser , but , when i moved it one more step forward , it did . since a teleporter is more than one step wide , and we probably did not get the positioning exactly correct , i am going to put this down to measurement error . results : there is no practical difference between the range of the phlog and the standard flamethrower . ( with more accurate measurements , i am certain we would find that there is no actual difference either . )
you will need the dragon it to get on top of the plateaus where it spawns , north of al mamoon . it is a rare spawn and the spawns are random . loading up a game save will also reset the spawns . i have found that the best way to check to see if dinocerous has spawned is to fast travel to al mamoon and go north from the left tip of the pool behind the town to check the spawns up on the cliff . if there are not any , fast travel back to al mamoon and repeat .
none of the characters make a " better " steward ; they all behave exactly the same in that role . they also still work as followers : you can still ask them to follow you again , marry them , etc . the only thing that changes when you make a follower a steward is where they hang out when they stop following you . like the housecarl for the appropriate hold , your steward will wander around the inside and outside of your house when idle . this means they will be hanging around when your house inevitably gets attacked by bandits , giants , or whatever else . this brings up a couple of mostly minor considerations : your steward is often the first line of defense from attacks ; they will jump into combat as soon as you get within range of the house , often before you have even noticed the enemies . if you pick someone other than the assigned housecarl to be steward , you will have two people hanging around guarding your house instead of just one . if you pick a housecarl from another hold as your steward , they leave the original house empty . this has no effect at all on gameplay but it bothered me in a slightly ocd way . i have found a good pattern is to pick up a mercenary , get them to the level cap , then leave them as steward . i also take the housecarl out until they hit their cap and let them go again , giving you a lvl 40 and lvl 50 character hanging around your house to help fend off bandits .
perhaps smoov has updated his hiring practices since the time the hit was taken out on him , as his employees do not appear to actually differ from those of his competitors . i was able to complete the hit with the assistance of a perfectly ordinary-looking streetwalker in the mills .
start by downloading minecraft_server . exe from the official minecraft website . place it in an empty folder somewhere on your computer and open it . you will see the world being created , and when it is done , it'll tell you so . as long as that program is open and running , your server will be available for connection . any computer on your lan will be able to connect to this server now . simply open minecraft , login and head into multiplayer . type in the lan address ( found here ) of the computer where the server is running , and hit connect . if it does not connect on the first try , give it a couple more tries . troubleshooting try changing your firewall settings ( xp , vista/7 ) . the application you are adding is minecraft_server . exe , the port is 25565 ( or port range 25565-25565 ) , and you want this on both tcp and udp protocols ( you may have to add a rule for each ) . try port forwarding on your router . if you have access to your router , open your router configuration webpage ( um , what ? ) and find the port forwarding section ( might be listed under applications and gaming ) . use the same ports and protocols as above . try setting the server to offline mode . close the server for a moment . go into the folder where minecraft_server . exe is sitting , and find the server.properties file ( may simply appear as server ) . open this with notepad and change online-mode from true to false . save it , close it , and start the server again . try connecting the computers directly to one another , via ethernet cable . this one will work as a last resort , and is handy for laptops or desktops which are fairly close together . if you are picking up wireless internet or have a second ethernet port in your computer , you will not even have to sacrifice your internet connection . instead of connecting by putting in your lan address in the server ip box , put in " localhost " ( without the quotes ) in the server ip box and try to connect .
you can find the answer here : blacksmith leveling guide total cost of blacksmith : 645,000 gold 50 page of blacksmithing 50 tome of blacksmithing 45 tome of secrets jeweler leveling guide total cost of jeweler : 130,000 gold 10 page of jewelcrafting ( nightmare ) 20 tome of jewelcrafting ( hell ) 40 tome of secrets ( inferno ) i hope it helps !
go to your skyrim installation folder . the folder is usually under " c:\program files\steam\steamapps\common\skyrim\data " or " c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam\steamapps\common\skyrim\data " depending on your system . in the folder , there should be two executable files named " skyrimlauncher " and " tesv " . rename " skyrimlauncher " to " launcher " . rename " tesv " to " skyrimlauncher " . skyrim will now start immediately without entering the launcher .
" dropping your banner " with g is an emote that serves no immediate function . 1 at best , it is a customizable emote that shows off your swag—your in-game achievements convert to banner adornments . you can also change the banner 's color , sigil , and shape to reflect your taste . dropping the banner will create a marker on the map for party members ( orange arrow , turns to pulsing circle when close )
there is clear indication of that on artyom 's watch . on pc , you have to press t to look at it . on xbox 360 - left bumper . also , should i change my gas mask for any other reason than if it becomes damaged , like , glass broken from an attack ? afaik , new mask always comes with the filter at 100% , so you could change just for that .
there are a couple of methods available to increase your likelihood of encountering a shiny pokemon . capture all national pokédex method : finally , when you manage to capture all the pokémon in the national pokédex ( not counting event legends ) and show it to cedric juniper , he will tell you his daughter has a present for you . this present is the special shiny charm . this item increases the likelihood that you will encounter shiny pokémon . when you have the item in your bag , then the chances of encountering shiny pokémon in the wild is increased to 33% of normal , making it a 1 in 2,370.6 chance . if , however , you\'re using the masuda method to breed , it increases it from 1 in 1,365.3 down to 1 in 1024 . source : serebii the masuda method mentioned above can also be used without the shiny charm : rather than encountering shiny pokémon with a probability of 1/8192 , the masuda method lets players breed pokémon of differing real-world geographical origin with a 5/8192 ( generation iv ) or 3/4096 ( generation v ) probability of being shiny upon hatching .
if you are playing on pc you can use the console to resurrect her : ( if you know where her body lies , you can simply open the console , click on her and then use the resurrect command ) you can find more info at this related question on how to resurrect companions as jupotter already said .
in windows , the flashachievements . exe that ships with the game is broken for many people . i have contacted edmund with information about a fix , not sure when that is going out but he says he is working on it after this update goes out , in the meantime the fix on this page works : http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2216833 you want the 1.5 version , the second link to a zip on that page . this is for windows , on the mac there is nothing at present .
vault hunter 's relic it has a very minor effect on legendary drop rates , that you are probably better off using another relic . it only affects white ( common ) and non-white drop rates ( and not legendary drop rates , specifically ) . from this somethingawful . com forum post ( page is now not viewable by unregistered users ) ( same post quoted in the gearbox forums ) : so i just investigated the vault hunter relic data . it modifies two attributes : gd_balance . weighting . geardrops_rareweightmodifier : +0.05 gd_balance . weighting . geardrops_commonweightmodifier : -0.06 let 's set them to +100.00 and -100.00 ! net result : i have not seen a single white weapon drop , greens drop , seen a few blues . nothing else . so , what i can gauge from this , is that it shifts a 5% of your chance for whites into non-whites . does not touch anything else . very low impact , perhaps bordering on useless . true vault hunter mode some of differences in true vault hunter mode as opposed to normal mode are : . . . better loot : due to the nature of difficulty increase and the fact the game becomes more difficult , in true vault hunter mode there is a higher chance of enemies dropping better loot and chest also will contain better loot . better loot more frequently : enemies in true vault hunter mode will be have a higher percentage chance of dropping better loot as they have more health and are more difficult to defeat . source : borderlands wiki , " true vault hunter mode " article
it has been a while since i last played da2 but from what i remember there are only a few passing comments about what happened in the first game . you should be able to enjoy da2 without playing dao in my opinion . and you can get a quick synopsis of the first game on wikipedia
as with the fonz and the jukebox , the answer seems to be hitting it . you need to get up really close to it and run into it . if it keeps shooting you , go away and eat . come back and it might be turned around . the main point though is to run into it and scuba divers come out but you will not see them . they have guns with them , so watch out ! also , boost seems to help add damage when charging into the sub : you could crash into it really fast using boost i tried it worked source
the last shark you can unlock is the megladon . it eats all and can only be killed by starvation .
seems like you want to increase the duration of the death cam , which this mod can prolong . there is even an insane thirty minute version !
you cannot get minecraft realms on the pocket edition yet but when realms is able to be put on pe , yes , you will either have to buy it or be invited by someone .
the thing to remember about lock-n-roll is that your ability to get a high score depends largely on being able to clear the board : in the web version , you get the freedom of placing dice wherever you like ( usually setting up more combos , especially if you have jokers available ) , and in the mobile version , the bonuses you get for clearing a board and the ability to place all 20 dice wherever you like mean that you can repeat the process almost indefinitely , so this should be your goal at all times . as you have no doubt discovered , it does not take more than a few locked dice to find yourself in an unwinnable position , especially if you have reached the point where jokers are most expensive . for web players clearing the board means that you can set up new dice however you like : your first four dice should all contribute to combos . with locked dice in place , it is much harder to place dice so that they always contribute to combos . however , without the 20-dice magic of the mobile version , there is much less of a bonus for actually clearing the board , so you have to be a bit more careful using your jokers . with two jokers as in the mobile version , you do not want to reach a point where you would earn another joker but already have two , so you definitely want to use at least one . your priority should be creating as many combos as possible to clear space for new dice , particularly if you can set up a same color same number combo with remaining dice . ( because you do not have to play all your dice at once , you can place a joker in one spot to remove surrounding dice , then drop another die into that spot for your next roll . ) using two jokers at once is not necessarily a good idea ; a combo using both jokers will be worth 50% less than a natural combo , and placing the jokers so that they do not overlap usually means each of them does not have as much of an impact . it is generally better to use just one to knock out a reasonable number of dice and then evaluate the remaining dice based on the one-joker logic . with one joker unlike the mobile version , you do not want to burn the joker on a set of four locked dice , even if it would clear the board , because you do not get much of a bonus for it . instead , you should save the joker for at least one more roll : ideally you should be able to create a second combo with a single joker , or possibly even three combos ( which would probably require you to wait two full rolls to use it . ) your priority should be on creating same color same number combos for points ( 300 with a joker ) , and same color each number or each color same number , again for points . for mobile players clearing the board means that you get a full board of unlocked dice as well as a full sideboard , which means 20 dice to lay out as you please . that plus two jokers means you are almost certain to clear the board again and repeat the process ; even a single joker is often enough to do the job . ( note that in a somewhat-recent update for android and perhaps ios as well , you accumulate joker coins that can be used at the start of subsequent games , either to purchase a joker to use at the start or to decrease the cost of jokers . the latter use can have a significant impact . ) with that in mind , there are two different strategies for using jokers : with less than a full board ( four or fewer dice to play ) and with a full board ( 20 dice to arrange ) . with less than a full board ( starting position until the board is cleared ) your primary focus should be on clearing the board ; doing so will set you up to get more points than you can possibly get from a partial board . if there is any way to use your current jokers to clear the board , do so . failing that , your goal should be to get four new dice so that your chances of clearing remaining dice are greater . ( remember that you do not need to place all four dice at once . this may come in handy when you can not clear everything , but want to set up the board for a possible clear on the next roll . ) with two jokers , as theq points out , the biggest risk is that you will get enough points to earn another joker and miss out on earning it . ( you do get joker coins , i believe , but those do not help your current game . ) the best play here is to use a joker to match dice that would otherwise not match anything else : you want those " mismatched " dice off the board so that you can attempt to match remaining dice with newly-rolled dice . with one joker , while clearing dice is important , scoring points is important as well . i would refrain from using the joker unless you will get enough points from placing it to earn another joker . . . this is more likely if you use 2 or more rolled dice in a combo . ( using 2 dice doubles your score , 3 dice triples it , and all 4 quadruples it , but your dice have to be part of the clearing combos . placing them alone will not do it . ) ideally , you would use the joker while also using the last of your rolled dice ( even if you stick one under the joker ; remember that you can play jokers on empty spaces , on locked dice , or on just-placed dice ) , so that you would get both more space on the board and four new dice to use to match the remaining locked dice . of course , if you have no other moves , you will have to use the joker . with a full board again , your focus is to clear the board , but it should be considerably easier , given that you can place any die anywhere . with two jokers , you should always use at least one . it is neat to clear the entire board without using a joker , and you do get points in lieu of a joker , i believe , if you have two and earn another , but you will generally get more points by using a joker because you will create more combos . thus , you should place a joker where it will do the most good , which is in one of the four inner squares . ( these can be part of up to 7 combos . ) make sure to arrange the dice as best you can to create clearing combos based off this joker : for example , if you have same color each number in the left column , you might switch the 2 and 3 so that the 3 is part of a same color each number row including the joker you just placed . it is more important to clear the board than to get points , so if you have to break up a natural same color same number , do so . with two jokers , it may occasionally be necessary to use both of them : this normally happens when you do not have same color same number combos to play and there is an absence of a particular color or number . keep in mind that you may only get one joker as a reward for clearing the board , and that you score 25% fewer points for a combo that includes a joker , so do this only when it is necessary to clear the board : a worst-case scenario is where you use your remaining jokers and do not clear the board ; this can rapidly degenerate into the end of your game , so it is best to keep a joker if possible . with only one joker , it is imperative that you clear the entire board : a misplay could leave you with a bunch of locked dice and no jokers to clear them . if you can not clear the board , then place the joker in a spot that gives you as many combos as possible ( again , typically in an inner square ) , so that you are more likely to earn another joker to use to clear the remaining dice .
the witcher does not have native controller support . in order to use a controller with this game you will need to use an application like xpadder/pinnacle game profiler/joy2key to bind your controller axis and buttons to mouse and keyboard actions . i have never used it but pinnacle game profiler has a section on their website to download pre-configured profiles for the witcher which might provide you with a good place to start if you choose to use pinnacle game profile ( which is not free ) .
modern cpus usually change their clock speed based on cpu load in the default setting . you might be able to use the power item in the windows control panel to switch the power scheme from the default balanced scheme to energy saver . that should lock your cpu to its lowest clock speed . you can use something like cpu-z to monitor the clock speed to see if your cpu actually clockspeed changes when you change the powerscheme . i have actually used this technique to play commandos . normally my cpu would switch into performance mode ( all 4 cores at 3.2ghz ) and the game would run too fast , making it hard to play . after setting the windows powerscheme to energy saver ( all 4 cores on 800mhz - 1 quarter of full speed ) the game would run at the correct speed . edit : about using a virtual machine : virtualbox has the ability to limit the virtual cpu to a percentage of the host cpu , see cpu execution cap in the processor settings section . the manual does note that limiting the cpu this way may induce timing problems in the guest , which is not what you want for older games obviously . another problem with virtual machines is that hardware acceleration for graphics is still not very well supported , so that limits the usage of vms for games quite a bit . i have tried this with commandos for instance , but the result was not playable . that is when i switched to the technique above to limit the speed of my cpu via windows powerscheme .
i will start this answer with a question . is your flowing water only 1 block deep ? yes good in this case you can use either 2 ways . the first one is to fill the area with an easy to remove block ( for example dirt ) also fill the water blocks that are still source blocks . then dig the first corner block away . wait for the source blocks to fill the other block and dig the next block away . sidenote : for flowing water to create a source block you need to have 2 or more water flows coming from the sides and the water cant flow farther then 1 block . an example is found below . X X X X X D D D X X D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D  x being water and d being dirt . removing the top-middle dirt block results in 2 water blocks ( x 's ) to flow in the empty space and the water cant flow further then 1 block because of the other dirt blocks , thus creating a source block . another example X X X X X X X D X X D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D  removing the top middle d again results in 3 source blocks to flow into the empty space and thus creating a source block . another example X X X X X D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D  removing the top-middle d block here results into only 1 source block to flow into the empty space thus creating flowing water . this methode takes a long time so the fastest way is create some buckets and collect some water . then dig a row of dirt away and replace the flowing water with water from your buckets . ( you can place the water against the dirt blocks your standing on . ) no if its more than 1 block deep you need to wonder if its worth spending the time seeing as there is no quick way to solve this . what i would do is to empty the area with the flowing water ( yes just empty it till the bottom and wall off with dirt . now fill the bottom layer with water . next place a layer of dirt above the water ( like shown below ) . D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D  now dig an entire row of dirt away and replace the air space with a bucket . ( like shown below ) . X X X X X D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D  repeat until you have filled the entire area with water blocks . now for removing the wall you have build , remove the top layer of the wall and place water on top of there . once you have done that just repeat this layer after layer until you have reached a bottom . ( you might want to take some scubba gear with you . ( sugarcanes , metal bars , signs etc . ) ) . i think this has covered the most ways of getting rid of the flowing water . however neither of these ways can be considered fast so if anyone knows a faster way feel free to add it to my answer . anyway i hope this helped . cheers , marco
from the official wiki ( and tested ) : bomb kit grenade kit throw mine with detonate also qualifies ( tested ) : big ol ' bomb grenade barrage mine field and detonate mine field ( but tricky to place ) bomb from evasive powder keg explosions that do not qualifies ( tested ) : pistol 's explosive shot turret explosions as seen in detonate healing turret , states to ignore player 's boons , traits too . harpoon 's detonate mines harpoon 's time charge cause it explicitly states that it causes an explosion radius . ( test had been done with the spp traits : if applies , it qualiifies ) .
i built a few variants of your desired script : preamble : alias "Qdefault" "dota_ability_execute 0"  i did this because it is more readable for me . if you do not want to use that alias you need to change Qdefault below to dota_ability_execute 0 ! hero + 3 units in 1 group : assumes that you selected your hero + units ( in this case 3x familiars ) and switches to the first , casts a spell and switches to the next until it reaches to the hero again . alias "heroAndUnits" "dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected;"  unit selected like the first but starts at the first familiar alias "unitSelected" "Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected;"  only units group of units only alias "unitsOnly" "Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault; dota_cycle_selected;"  manually this script switches to the next unit and uses a spell . this enables you to time your stuns ( chainstun ) the enemy . alias "manually" "dota_cycle_selected; Qdefault"  final binding you need to bind any of those aliases ( you can have them all in your exec file , aliases wont be executed if not used/binded ! ) bind "B" "heroAndUnits"  afterword : those scripts ( execpt " manually" ) assume that the group consist of 3 units . i did not find a way to count the units of a group . otherwise i may be able to adjust that script a bit . extra : additionally i wrote a script that lets you cycle through a script from above ( in this case heroandunits1-4 ) depending on your unitcount ! feel free to ask me about it since this is pretty advanced . pressing n in this case cycles through heroandunits1-4 and then back to 1 . each cycle rebinds " b " ( you can change this if you want ) to execute the groupspell . to realize which number is currently active as a user i added a say_team which is a normal ingame-chat to your teammates .
after searching through my old cds , i found a version of the game i would copied to disc right after a fresh install . it turns out that that the file simply called items is the one that tracks that data , but you cannot simply delete it , or when you start the game it will ask for the install disk so that it can grab a new copy . the file is modified as you play , so the only way to reset your game is to copy the default items file over your existing one . if you do not have a default items file to restore with , it appears that you are out of luck .
anti-mob house general do not build out of wood use a fence or a wall to keep all mobs except spiders and spider jockeys off your lawn you can create iron golems to defend your territory use a cactus fence built from two rows of cacti , like this : a c a c c a c a a - air c - cactus ( view from the top ) build a ditch deep enough that the mobs who fall in can’t get out anymore , which is either filled with lava or streaming water keep your home area well lit . mobs only spawn if the light level is below 7 mobs do not spawn on water a door made of pistons keeps you hidden from mobs almost all the time anti creepers build a wall at least two full blocks tall build your home sufficiently lit two block thick cobblestone will resist most explosions . obsidian is explosion-proof cats are a good defense , as creepers will run away if they are in a short distance of one . anti spiders build a lipped wall , this lip can have 1-block wide gaps in it , since spiders require a 2 block wide space to climb fences can also work as a wall-top completely cover it with a roof dump buckets of lava around your house build your buildings underground . as long as the entrance to the underground building is only 1 block wide and/or completely enclosed with trapdoors , no spiders will be able to get in you can keep spiders from climbing walls using glass panes/iron bars to create an edge c g c c c - cobblestone g - glass pane anti skeletons fill open gaps with any of certain translucent blocks such as slabs , fence or glass to make windows build low walls or fences in places where you may be in range of a skeleton , since they will only fire arrows at you if they can see you . spider jockeys combine your defensive strategies for both skeletons and spiders zombies walls or pits will be enough to keep them at bay if you are in hard , you can make a piston door so that zombies cannot get through iron door with a button on each side zombies will not jump over gaps , so you can use lava trenches you can also use traps such as pits , landmines
song — location god only knows by the beach boys — welcome center girls just wanna have fun by cyndi lauper — battleship bay tainted love by soft cell — the graveyard shift ( the bar in shantytown ) fortunate son by creedence clearwater revival — bull yard shiny happy people by r.e.m. — port prosperity everybody wants to rule the world by tears for fears — memorial gardens sources : bioshock infinite ign wiki , " secret song covers " article @hammar 's comment
the only rejoinable recurring characters between bg1 and 2 are : imoen : thief ( thief/mage in bg2 ) minsc : ranger ( and a decent fighter ) viconia : priest jaheira : fighter/druid edwin : mage so they would last you the longest . they are also a lethal combination . the only thing is , i am not sure but i think you may have trouble keeping this party together if you have low charisma and low or high reputation . edit : choosing the player 's class : you already have 3 decent fighters : minsc , jaheira , and viconia ( with a strength boost ) 2.5 healers : viconia , jaheira , and minsc once again and the most powerful mage in the game : edwin i do not remember how good imoen is but i am sure she is not terrible . point being you can choose any class for the pc . i usually go with one of the thief variants or a sorcerer in dnd games .
weapon stability is a hidden stat as it was in borderlands . weapon modifiers can improve stability . in fact apparently weapons have " accessories " now ( you will see this on the weapon model though you might not recognize it ) . as with borderlands , you will want to take guns out for a spin to see how they handle . i believe can stocks help with stability , so if you see a gun with a stock take it for a whirl . obviously any scoped weapon will show off stability ( or lack thereof ) , and sniper rifles are sort of the kings of this . accuracy is a separate stat from stability . i do not know if there is a correlation between the two ( and certainly can not speculate on the strength of that correlation ) . some manufacturers were known for making more stable weapons than others though i can not recall off hand who is known for what ; keep that in mind . well , i remember that tediore makes exploding , teleporting guns . by the by , this borderlands 2 wiki seems the most developed so far . it references stability in several places ( including pixel 's link in the comments ) . it is probably worth pointing out that all of the terms we use may not have the same meanings internally in the engine . ben , that article about the accuracy pool in the comments does not seem to contradict what i wrote here , but may well be illustrating how externally we see one model of how things work but it is an abstraction . i do not doubt that stability , recoil , and inherent accuracy interact in strange and mysterious ways in the code !
depends . sometimes the elves will notice and take action , and other times they will ignore it . if they do notice , it is also possible that the worst that can happen is that they leave as soon as they arrive . in a worst-case scenario , i think they can be provoked into outright fighting you . ( not sure if that counts as a war / siege )
in dawnguard main questline chasing echoes , after you reached valerica 's study ( where the portal to soul cairn located ) you will find another door labeled Castle Volkihar Balcony . exit through there and you will get a quick fast travel location for valerica 's study in the world map .
the current modifier for the masuda method is not known , not enough testing has been done . however , unless things have changed since generation v , we can assume that the masuda modifier increases the chance of shinies by a factor of 6 .
the control used to throw grenades , deploy turrets and use other loadout items is " use equipment " , bound to the c key and right bumper by default . here 's a controls cheat sheet : http://www.loadout.com/game-info/controls/
you are misunderstanding what " damage done as life " means . when shadow power is active , 15% of the damage you deal to others is returned to you as life . therefore , there is no overlap between the base effect and the rune effect ; you gain life from damage dealt while also reducing the damage you receive from mobs . in case this was not the misunderstanding , then yes you do get both effects . a rune effect only replaces the base effect if there is wording to that nature , for instance , the companion rune effects all say " instead of a raven . "
you need to rename 4 things : the folder the . json file the . jar file the " id " inside the . json file if any of these are not changed , the version will not show up .
you are indeed boned , good sir . the uplay system has been designed in part to discourage used game sales . in order to gain access to this game on uplay would require you to also gain access to the account it has been registered on , and in the process gain hold of the email registered to that account , etc . this would of course require you to track down the person which traded in the used copy and convince him to part with his account in which he may have registered other games that he may wish to keep . contacting ubisoft will probably not help much . their representatives are not obliged to help you in this matter . if they choose to help you , you are in luck . i would not count on it however . i think the greatest chance for a refund is for you to take the used game back to the reseller and explain the situation and hopefully get some form of refund .
much of this is my opinion and recollection , but as a gamer for 25 years ( mmo-gamer since everquest ) maybe i know a thing or two . character vs toon " character " is the word old rpg players have used to describe their avatar . moo 's , mud 's , d and d , champions , and many other pen-and-paper systems . role-playing has an important concept of separation of " player knowledge " and " character knowledge " - what you know vs what your character should know . many rpg players cringe when the word " toon " is used to mean " character " . " my character " implies a connection with my identity ( or at least something my identity participates in ) , while " my toon " is something possessed , disconnected from me . more on that later . pre-mmo history of toon toon ( 1984 , pen and paper rpg ) who framed roger rabbit ( 1988 , movie ) tiny toon adventures ( 1990 , cartoon show ) - note , different spelling than " looney tunes " while these examples do not authoritatively show the origin of the word toon , they do establish that the word was in use prior to the existence of mmorpgs . the question : how did toon come to be used to describe characters ? the realm online ( 1996 ) diablo ( 1996 ) ultima online ( 1997 ) everquest ( 1999 ) diablo 2 ( 2000 ) runescape ( 2001 ) toontown ( 2003 ) while toontown 's characters are , in fact , toons , the term has been used in earlier games . my recollection is that the term mainly was used in out-of-game character/account real-money trades . the word " toon " provides a solid disconnection between the player and what he made , allowing him to sell it without regret . also , consider the character systems of diablo 1 and 2 . you pick your class and then the character 's appearance and gender are determined from that . if you are a male gamer playing an amazon or a sorceress , calling that character a " toon " can be a signal to others that you do not identify as that gender . once again , there is a separation from identity . still , these games all pre-date the rise of the term around 2006 . i attribute the rise of the term " toon " during this period as not belonging to a single game or experience , but instead to the increasing disconnection between player and character identity . this can be due to many mmo players playing second or third games - how many character connections can a player create or sustain ? this can be due to games becoming more action-oriented ( vs role-play centred ) , there is more focus on what actions this mechanism or " toon " is capable of , instead of what the character would do/say/feel . the realm online this game was released by sierra in 1996 . it features animated cartoon-like characters . the oldest usage of " toon " i have identified so far comes from this game ( see reference below ) . because the game lacked a two-way trade system , scamming was a common occurrence . it seems reasonable to me that the characters created for the sole purpose of scamming would not be called " character " , but would instead be labeled " toon " . references ( more to come as i have time ) : neologasm ( 2006 ) : " playing a toon instead of an avatar implies detachment " . anarchy online forums ( 2003 ) : " roll a new toon " - this is a fascinating mixture of words : " roll " is from pen-and-paper games where dice are rolled to determine stats , while " toon " is opposed to pen-and-paper - nothing is animated there . anarchy online forums ( 2002 ) " i have a few toons " the realm online ( 2000 ) " hacker + cheater toons are buried here . "
yes , you maintain rank when you change class , allowing you to pick abilities up to your previous rank . you also maintain bonus hitpoints , will , and aim ; this means that augmenting a sniper will result in a mec with higher accuracy , but less health . once augmented , however , they will begin to use mec progression instead ( same as heavy ) .
from a blue post on the official diablo 3 forum : to clarify : horadric caches can drop any type of legendary ( regular or bounty-exclusive ) except those that require torment difficulty on higher . as difficulty has no impact on horadric caches , this also includes the ability to drop torment-only legendaries . kadala is similar , as she also cannot generate torment-only legendaries . only the gear from monsters , including rift guardians , is affected by difficulty level . from the 2.0.5 patch notes : kadala - can now drop torment only legendary items
the animal crossing : new leaf catalog is accessable from a machine within t and t mart and later upgrades to that store , and includes : furniture wallpaper flooring shirts pants dresses hats glasses shoes/socks umbrellas/parasols stationary music gyroids* fossils* that said , all items that are available in the catalog are not necessarily available for order . in some cases , this is true for entire classes of objects -- marked with a * above . some rare furniture ( such as furniture you earn as an achievement or receive through a special event ) cannot be ordered . i will not list them all here , but some general guidelines : nintendo items cannot be ordered special event items cannot be ordered " achievement " items cannot be ordered items dropped from balloons cannot be ordered items obtained from the island cannot be ordered certain dlc sets , like the 7-11 series , cannot be ordered . there are some exceptions to this . i will keep a running list here and edit it as i find out more . the following dlc sets can be ordered from the catalog : american best buy dlc . so far , the raccoon wall clock is available for order from the catalog for 1,920 bells . we can probably assume that the remaining best buy dlc will also be orderable , but we will need to wait to confirm that as they are only released every 2 weeks . american spotpass content japanese " campus " set as to your second question -- yes , all you have to do to get an item in your catalog is to hold it . " holding " is fairly popular in online ac trading right now . i have seen players trade fairly valuable items for the opportunity to " hold " entire furniture sets , or japanese dlc items . players do this so that they can fill out and complete their catalog .
yes , you will only be able to play china rising when it is out . it was like that with bf3 premium ( when you got all dlc 's , but could only play them when they were released ) . edit as <a href="stackexchange-url vartec mentioned in his comment : it was the same with pre-order of bf3 when you also got back to karkand dlc , but you could only start playing it after it was officially released .
your companions are able to land critical hits , and their critical hit chance appears to be inherited from the player ( including sharpshooter ) . however these critical hits do not appear to trigger the effects of the night stalker passive .
o-powers can be thought of as skills used by the trainer instead of his/her pokémon . unlike a pokémon 's pp , the trainer 's energy restores over time . the amount of energy available to use an o-power is represented by the number of orbs in the bottom bar . o-powers can level up when used often . higher levels mean greater effect , but also greater costs to use . it is currently unknown how many o-powers there are in total , but here are the ones i have found so far : 3 minute powers 1 bargain power : poké marts begin a bargain sale in which everything is x % off . a prize money power : increases the prize money from battles . exp . point power : increases the exp . points from battles . capture power : increases the chance to catch pokémon . encounter power : increases the chance of encountering wild pokémon . b stealth power : decreases he chance of encountering wild pokémon . b befriending power : helps pokémon grow friendly faster . instant powers hp restoring power : restores the hp of the lead pokémon . pp restoring power : restores the pp of the lead pokémon . battle powers 2 attack power defense power sp . atk power sp . def power speed power critical power : raises the critical hit ratio of the lead pokémon during battle . new powers are given to you by a man calling himself [...] Mr. Bonding, the expert on O-Powers. he is usually found in hotels or poké centers . 1 : including time spent in combat 2 : only active for the next battle . if more than one are used at once , the effects will be added progressively each turn , e . g : the pokémon receives an attack boost during round 1 , then a defense boost during round 2 and so on . a : x % is 10% for level 1 . b : cannot be given to others .
what blocks immediately neighbor the spawner is irrelevant , it will still try to spawn mobs across its area of influence . spawners place mobs at three levels - one below , the level of the spawner , and one above , and can spawn mobs in the air . horizontally mobs spawn anywhere ( not aligned to blocks , just anywhere ) within 8x8 meter square centered at northwestern corner of the spawner ( one with lower coordinates ) . so you will need to light up four blocks in every direction , and do not forget the layer above . blazes spawn at light level 11 or lower . torches give light level 14 , so one torch blaze-proofs two blocks in every direction ( diamond-shaped ) on the given level , or one in every direction if it is one level below , or just the block above itself it is two levels below . . . to hell with it , it is much simpler to just show : note different floor levels . taken from here .
there is generally no competetive reason to use not fully evolved pokemon outside of the not fully evolved and little cup tiers ( where fully evolved and/or high level pokemon are expressly banned ) . nfe is it is own category and the fully evolved pokemon only are in the other tiers largely because stats almost exclusively get higher ( there are exceptions but they are limited to a select few evolutionary families ) . in addition , nfe pokemon also have theoretically more limited move sets ; a stage one pokemon can only learn moves from their first evolution ( plus egg moves ) . a stage 3 evolution has 3 stages of evolutions ' moves that it could have learned , plus egg moves . again this depends on the family , but in some cases a full evolution can give access to particularly useful moves . for example it lets every pokemon that can learn tms have access to hyper beam ( full evolution is a requirement for the tm ) , though ironically hyper beam is not actually a great move competetively . the stat boosts are often quite significant and are the main reason not to use lower-level pokemon , but the reduced moveset is also limiting . as an example of the stat difference , look at the average stats of dragon types for overall and fully evolved pokemon . note that the " overall " stat is actually skewed higher than a " not evolved " distribution would be , and powerful pokemon with a single evolution ( including several legendaries ) skew the distribution as well , yet fully evolved pokemon still have a clear advantage . bulbapedia has some evolution related tier exceptions listed as well ; in these cases a lower form of evolution is advantageous , albiet usually in specific situations ( for example a pikachu holding a light ball can have higher special attack than a raichu of the same level ) .
an achievement and guns . ( no cutscenes . ) the " sugar daddy " achievement unlocks at $10,000 cumulatively donated . you can exit the game without saving to keep the achievement and your money . moxxi hands over two guns ( and variants whereof ) : miss moxxi 's bad touch , a red , corrosive smg miss moxxi 's good touch , a purple , incendiary smg , vibrates your controller when in use the bad touch triggers between 5k and 20k , and the good touch between 10k and 50k ( when tipping in $1000 increments ) . this amount could be random—reports are inconclusive . you can return to ( or reload ) sanctuary for more good touches , but reportedly , there is only one bad touch per playthrough . the variants ( e . g . , " guileless " and " impetuous" ) tend to have lower stats . the guns ' level reqs scale to your story progress . you can always restart your game from the last save if you do not like your results .
press ctrl + f12 to summon the team resources menu . should you want to send many resources at once , use the scrollwheel to increase the resource count ( it is far faster than clicking the gui button ) . holding the ctrl key while clicking the increase or decrease buttons apparently uses increments of 100 . i do not believe there is any in-game way to bind a pre-determined amount to a key .
the contents of a cell gets reset ( respawning everything in it ) after 10 days ( 240 hours ) after your last visit .
yes , if an unconscious body falls into water , it counts as a death , and the blood is on your hands . if you go back down to collect the body , you should see the dead symbol rather than the sleep symbol . if you are on the bridge level or one of the other places where this is impractical , you may want to reload from a previous save just to be safe . see here for a comprehensive list by galacticninja of everything that counts as a kill against you : stackexchange-url
which is the most effective this should not matter , as your goal is to piss them off as much as possible , and to achieve such a thing , you need to use various methods , not just a couple . the above answers are good , and i would have commented on them instead of making a new answer if i could , but since i can not , my list of priorities would be as following : settling cities nearby them . you will be blocking their ability to expand and in their view , that territory belongs to them . once a civilization has a religion , start converting their cities . capturing cities . i know , you want a none-war method , but of all the things that pissed other civs off , i never got them to remove my status as warmonger . you could decide to attack city-states , like jonathan drapeau suggested , as capturing these will have other civilizations call you a bully , but you will not be able to get their votes later in the world congress , which matters for . . . . proposing to make your religion the world religion . also proposing to end all trade with a certain civilization will obviously piss them off and they will spend the rest of the time , trying to remove your proposals if their accepted , after which you can vote against them consecutively . once you have archaeologists , start digging in their borders and do not make touristic spots , but take the artifact for yourself . the suggestions given in the other answers . and finally , but very important : for most of these , they will tell you to back off , and by accepting , it'll count as a promise which will last for 30 ( i believe ) turns . i feel like breaking these promises ( 'i will not settle nearby you anymore ' > settles anyways ) will piss them off too . other ways of angering them are mostly at random , like not giving back their units , building their wonders before them , etc . and mostly depends on how much luck you get for such opportunities . hope this helps : )
as far as i know , there is no real purpose for collecting those other than to just kill time while the game loads .
the current list of available games can be found on the featured linux games page . for valve-specific ports , your best bet is to look here . for example , here are some of the games that have been ported across : dota 2 half-life , and its popular mods : counter-strike counter-strike : condition zero team fortress classic portal day of defeat deathmatch classic richochet half-life 2 , and its popular mods and expansions : half-life 2: episode 1 half-life 2: episode 2 half-life 2: lost coast half-life 2: deathmatch counter-strike : source team fortress 2 left 4 dead 2 day of defeat : source
there are multiple versions of forge for each minecraft version , because they update it when bugs are found or when adding features . you are probably trying to use a mod that requires a development version of forge for minecraft 1.4.7 . to illustrate , forge 6.6.0 is the latest stable version of forge for mc 1.4.7 , but the very most recent development snapshot available from the forge file server is : Build 6.6.2.534: 2013-02-24 23:03:06 for MC: 1.4.7 
this forum post includes details on how to find most but not all of the lore books for " primary sources " , " history of arreat " and " espionage " . primary sources bloodstained letter - the keep ( needs confirmation ) ghom 's log - the larder journal of hansan haile , captain - bastion 's keep stronghold , near vidar leah 's journal ( 13-16 ) - the armory , below leah morgan 's journal ( 1-3 ) - morgan 's satchel , skycrown battlements/stonefort espionage battlefield reports - battlefields ( walk backwards from bridge of korsikk , fallen soldier has blue exclamation point above head ) orders from azmodan ( 1-6 ) - messenger of azmodan ( skycrown battlements , stonefort , the keep , the battlefields , fields of slaughter , arreat crater ) historian of arreat fall of the barbarians ( 1-5 ) - misplaced packs , the keep the history of bastion 's keep - librarian 's scrolls , the keep for the beast lore , i believe it is fairly straightforward to obtain by killing all the new monsters in act 3 , but i will look for a good source . it is difficult to describe their locations since many are randomly generated .
go to the captain 's quarters in a station , and use the character customization mirror . here you will be able to apply apparel items that you have acquired .
you need to enable elective mode . you enable it through the options menu : after enabling it , you can put any active skill in any active skill slot , which is the main attack ( left mouse button ) , secondary attach ( right mouse button ) and the four active skills ( 1-4 keys ) . you can , through key binding , change the default keys for the skills . pictute source and explanation
i will answer the last question first . since the number of victories are different on the result screen , i assume the mmr would be different than normal queue . obviously riot did no state anything about it . about the duration , the site clearly say : enjoy u.r.f. until 05:00 cet on april 8th
the flower patch is the same as the potato patch near the cows . the diversion varies with each player .
depends on what path you chose : if you followed roche is path raymond gessler in the camp followers ' encampment ( south of kaedweni camp by the river ) will provide you with storage . if you followed iorveth 's path there will be a chest in geralt 's room in the cauldron ( inn in vergen ) . not sure if storage can also be accessed by talking to innkeeper . more info here . should be red due the possible bugs .
i found an answer : no . it seems to make no difference to the story or the characters :-/ update : an anonymous user offered the following : " i believe it changes the gear that you find . when i picked the bird i noticed that the gear i picked up all complimented my firearms . but when i chose the cage , i got gear that complimented my vigors . i have played the game through like 6 times . " i believe this wrong , however , as i have noticed that the gear you find seems randomised .
this video seems to suggest the damage cap is 184.5 quadrillilon :
very , very simple answer if you have the time to do this , and an ntfs file system* . *do not know what this is ? easy : do you have windows vista or 7 ? if yes , then yes . if not , then " maybe " , and you will have to poke around to see . disclaimer : this works on xp systems as well , but i have not done it for a little while . process for xp is different . keep steam as it is . that is right , completely as it is . cut and paste your sister 's games from your steamapps folder ( in your x:\program files\steam folder ) to her portable drive . now open a command prompt . this can be found usually in the " accessories " tab of your start menu , or some computers can just run a command called " cmd " . enter the command " mklink " , and press enter . it'll tell you that you can run a command like : mklink /d "x:\program files\steam\steamapps\sister's game 1\" "s:\sister's game 1\"  work out the appropriate file placement , then if it is all lined up right and you have filled in all the info as it should be according to where your steam is installed , and where your sister 's games are , press enter . enjoy knowing that your sister 's games are no longer taking room on your own hard drive . surprise bonus round ! hey kids ! tired of your portable drive that you never unplug from having " performance issues " ? this is because windows tends to prevent disc write cache on any drive it is concerned may be unplugged without warning . by default , all usb drives count as this . want to milk better performance from it ? here 's some easy steps*: *disclaimer : though this process works on windows vista and windows xp systems , it is slightly different to what is described below . always use adult supervision when playing with your hardware settings ! make sure your drive is connected to a high-speed usb port . it is not worth doing this on an old usb-1 go to " my computer " right-click the drive you have plugged in . click " properties " go to " hardware " , and click on the drive you need to alter , and go to " properties " again . under " policies " , turn to " better performance " . this now means that windows will start using your usb drive as a high-performance drive , like the ones inside the case . this also means that " bad things " can happen if you pull the drive out , without using the built-in windows " safely remove hardware " button , found conveniently near your clock , in your system tray . thanks for watching , kids ! and remember : spyware no spying !
if you redeem your cd key / activation key before march 31st , you will get the pre-order bonuses . a member of my online community bought the game digitally yesterday and got the wings without pre-ordering . technically if you went to your local retailer and bought a copy before march 31st you will still get your pre-order bonuses . tl ; dr : anyone who redeems their activation ( retail or digital ) key before the end of march will get their pre-order bonuses . additionally , if you pre-ordered a physical copy of the game but did not receive it before march 31st , you can receive the pre-order items by submitting a ticket to blizzard support .
making it " easier to cast " is relatively straightforward - it reduces the magicka cost of the spell , meaning you can cast them more often . this is similar to how things worked in oblivion . ( i would link you to the uesp page documenting this , but the site 's still getting hit pretty hard from all the skyrim traffic ) each spell has a " base cost " , which is modified by the following formula : spell cost = base cost * skill multiplier * perk multiplier * equipment multiplier * dual cast multiplier skill multiplier = 1 - ( skill/400 ) ^ 0.65 this means that at 100 skill , spells cost 60% of the base cast ( further modified by perks and equipment ) . this is not combat related , but as affe has pointed out below , increasing your magic skills is required to buy high-end spells from vendors .
you can combine identical cards with different tiers . you just get extra xp when they are on the same tier . that being said there are some downsides to combining this way . for example combining 2 pair of tier 2 identical cards will produce a tier 3 card , not tier 4 . more explanation in this link : " wikia : heroes of dragon age combining "
what they mean by perfectly is , they never damage your base . i would go back and revisit the first den defense to make it easy on you ( sequence 2 , memory 6 ) . i would not wait until later on because it gets increasingly difficult to fend them off as they get much more difficult units to handle , especially the dreaded cannon siege engine . my strategy is to fill the rooftops first with assassin leaders as the game would let you ( adding forced units when required ) starting from the roofs closest to the entrance . this will allow you to gain passive morale as fast as possible . and make sure you set your barricade somewhere toward the middle ( between the left and right buildings , closer toward the entrance ) to give your guys time to shoot . as for the units to add , i would start with 6 crossbowmen placed closest to the entrance on either side ( it is possible to get away with 3 though , your choice ) then start adding riflemen working you way closer toward your base . also add more upgraded barricades with riflemen on the street to help slow them down . you will want as much riflemen as you can to be able to fend off the siege engine at the end . while doing this , make sure you are regularly shooting with your hidden gun and looting the bodies to help with the killing and getting more morale .
currently : what we know : most , if not all , of the legacy catalogue of rb ( meaning all the dlc along with the past games ) has been charted with the cymbals one uses with the pro drums . if you look at the animations of the drummer in-game , you will notice that the drummer will play on the cymbals or on the toms on notes of the same color . this is not conjecture based off of that , however ; hmx reps confirmed this . everything new with the keyboard and guitar controllers will only be available for rb3 and all forthcoming dlc ( from rb3 ) . same source . " there are a lot of cues and “hooks” in [ hmx 's ] authoring flow that have always been there ; [ they ] just haven’t had the software cycles to take advantage of them " . again , same source . harmonix will be re-releasing some old dlc with full support for rb3 's new features . currently they are asking for the community to chime in on which songs they would like to see re-released first . what we do not know : what exactly the cues and " hooks " are aside from the drums . i have , however , noticed in-game that there are times in rb2 when the guitarist and the lead singer will sing together , implying that some of the songs in their legacy catalogue may have support for vocal harmonies in rb3 . no concrete evidence , though . updated august 16th : hmx will be re-releasing old dlc with full support .
according to this screenshot , it does not involve physically moving one 's device in some way , but pressing a button . one of you must've had a translator malfunction .
it depends on the instruments . here is a really nice compatibility chart that i found when i had the same question .
there are a few tricks to easily survive gate-camps : 1st point : never use straight lines in 0.0 . why ? because a lot of 24/7 sitted systems only have 2 gates . the bubble will just be on the line right beetween the gates and you will automatically be thrown right into the bubble . if possible , you will want to warp to a planet , which is far away from the direct path , then warp to the destination gate . that way , you will probably manage to go around the bubble . 2nd point : use a shuttle . or any ship you will be able to fit for fast spinning and good accelerations . remember those omg-wtf-unlimitedspeed-nano-frigates ? ( or a full tanking drake should do the trick if you just go for a small-camp , they will never be able to shut down your shield ) . 3rd point : try to know all the systems on your itinerary , and try to look for unusual paths . you can look here for dangerous systems ( stats for the last 3 hours ) , and you had better check all the systems you will go through , just to be safe . remember : the shortcut is a lie . the shortest path between populated regions will probably be heavily camped . here are a few usefull links : - ombeve ( a good . pdf map . print it , and stick it all over the room . seriously . ) - dotlan ( want some info for the next system ? choose the region , click the system on the map , and look at the ship-kills stats . instant camp-gate indicator ) - icsc jump planner for those who fly carriers . ( it'll help you to reduce costs , you will just have to check dangerosity for the suggested systems ) about the cloacking subject , the training time for a blank new character ( without optimisation : 1 ) to use a prototype cloaking device i -> 21h 30min ; 2 ) to use an improved cloaking device ii -> 1d 23h 20m ; 3 ) to use a covert ops cloaking device ii -> 7d , 3h , 30min , + 23d 15h 50 min for the t2 frigate .
no by design , for exactly the reason you cited , ( the developer explicitly removed the ability from turtle to be able to right click them i heard ) however an auto-fueled low-tier steam engine row can be powered by a small tree farm easily
short answer : no . long answer : on the dragon track , it does not matter what level your dragon is , it is the types that matter . a race between a level 15 and a 10 would depend on the level . if the race theme was fire and the 15 level dragon was an ice type and the 10 was fire , the 10 would definitely win because it had better types . same thing goes for 1 and 10 , and any other combos . whatever type matches better with the theme , that determines the winner . but if they are the same type of dragon , such as lightning and lightning , the one with the better boosting skills would win . when you get to the boosting line , tap it at the perfect time . great , perfect , and even good lineups are helpful for racing . if you are only getting ok 's or just completely ignoring them , do not . even if all the other dragons are weak to the type . and always remember to check the theme , it gives you a good hint on what types it is .
the bear coins can be used to purchase special items , like the mirror or shell , as mentioned . they can also be used to purchase advice from the bazaar as well as compete against cranky at the swanky sideshow tents spread throughout the world .
being in ng+ 33felonies a law will appear , pass it , do the map , you ll get asagi in monster form . once asagi lvl1000 you ll have another law to make her human .
yes the simple way is to use a timer with a ridiculously long time set . however , since you can only increment the time 10 seconds at a time , this would require 4320 clicks . a bit much . we can do better with a simple circuit that uses maths to extend the time between pulses . the number of seconds we want to count is 43200 . this can be expressed as 2^6 x 3^3 x 5^2 , or 64 x 27 x 25 . these three coprime numbers can be used as the times on three timers , with the results anded together . they will then only all pulse in step once every 12 hours . all you need to do then is sync the timers by powering them on from the same line to disable them , and then powering them all off at the same time .
i tested this today . here were our findings : the host controls which missions are available or not . ( enemy and weapon levels are based on the zone . ) however , those missions can be accomplished by anyone in the host 's game . once completed , that mission is completed for all participating characters , even if they were not normally able to complete the mission because they had not progressed that far in the game in single player yet . all participating players receive the same xp , rewards , and mission completions for their character . in other words , if you run with someone who is further ahead in the plot then you , when you leave and go back to your own game ( not on the host 's co-op server ) , then you will see any missions completed during that time with the first host , even if you have not got to that point in the game yet . then , once you get to those missions that you completed on another host 's game , since the missions are already complete for you , you can just go on to the next , uncompleted mission as normal . as a host , the game progress is the same as if you were playing single player . the exception to all of this is for the story missions . you can complete them with the host , but when you go back to your own , non-host , instance , you will still be at your last uncompleted story mission if there was a gap in between the story missions you completed with the host . update : once you catch up to completed story missions , you get a dialog asking if you had like to ' fast forward ' , skipping missions you have already completed in other sessions : so yes , in my opinion , they " fixed " the ineligible mission message from the first borderlands . update : if you complete a mission , then go back either on your own in single player or as the host , after having already completed it previously in a previous session , you get a message in the reward screen saying something along the lines of ' you have already completed the mission and received your reward ' and then do not get the xp or item again — because you already got it the first time you completed it . playing through in vault hunter mode does not count against this repeat reward limit though ; missions there can be completed once more of course before you would get this message again in vhm .
the game does give an answer to this question . . . but i lack good enough software to zoom in and enhance on this screen . you can not zoom in and you also do not get notifications as you play . so here 's what the answer must ( ? ) be , in plain sight :
as far as i know you will be able to play any games already purchased and/or sent along . xbox live may be a problem , but as far as i understand , it is only a problem for buying new games on the marketplace , not for playing already purchased game .
you can get any mineable block except for obsidian . just blow up a creeper next to it . these blocks are not rewards , they are the blocks the creeper has destroyed . 75% of the blocks are destroyed outright and 25% will leave behind the block as if it had been mined . a while ago there was a thread on reddit with a server for which this was the primary means of getting resources since most tools were banned . you may be interested : cobblestone is a sign of wealth , as we can only obtain it through creepers/tnt explosions !
you can upgrade the armor by using commendations ( or the gtc auction house ) to purchase mods to fill the armoring , mod and enhancement slots . once you do , you will see a big improvement .
i think they are landing on the transposer at the bottom of the pit , not getting pulled in because it is full , and despawning . really , this needs the bc pipes removed to work better , and there is no reason to start with a redpower2 transposer , switch to buildcraft pipes , then go back to rp2 tubes . just use rp2 tubes throughout . that will not prevent problems when the ender chest fills up , but it will stop this side of the system from leaking items . to prevent the ender chest from filling up , you really need more item overflow storage . there should be enough chests that you keep empty at the end of your tube system that they can store about half the entire quarry output , if necessary . i would combine that with an overflow just before it for just cobblestone ( using a filter ) that would redirect cobble you can not store into a recycler or an obsidian pipe/void pipe assembly , since you do not want your emergency overflow to fill up with cobble and render it useless . to keep the overflow useful , always make sure to empty it before starting a new quarry .
weapon damage determines the effectiveness of every damaging skill and ability , including " minions " . if you go to blizzard 's game guide and look at the class abilities , you will see most spells and abilities say in the description " deals 80% of weapon damage " . this makes weapon damage important for every class , and ensures that classes dependent on spells and abilities will scale just as well as the classes that rely primarily upon weapon damage .
i changed it using the following method : go in the folder Steam\steamapps\common\dota 2 beta\dota\sound\ui\stingers place your new match making sound/music in it name the file match_ready_no_focus start the game and enjoy
you do not ' replace ' an item in the game like you are describing but you are progressing through the tiers of the items . higher tiered items are made up of lower tiered items . a good example of this that is easy to grasp are the boots . there are the simple pair of boots and then there are the berserker 's greaves . in order to obtain the berserker 's greaves you have to buy a dagger and the first tire boots . you can then spend a little bit more money and combine them into the boots . from your point of view its this combination that is ' replacing ' the previous items . it is actually consuming them as requirements . now you do not have to buy the bits and pieces in order to obtain the high tiered items one at a time . but the price of that item will be the summation of all the smaller components . this is why items will appear to change their value from time to time . if you have some of the requirement items in your inventory already then it will use them towards the new higher tiered item . hope this helps .
in addition to tzenes ' answer , there are a couple things to note : your units will preferentially attack enemy units that are attacking them . if there are two enemy units in range and only one is attacking , the attacking one will be targeted . your units with instant attacks will not overkill . this has been most frequently noted with tanks . if you have a zergling that wanders in front of five tanks , only one will target him . units with non-instant attacks , like missiles , can still overkill . as illustrated by tzenes ' atp/otp tables , the ai will always pick other units in range over enemy workers . ( additional discussion here )
i found that i am getting far more nanosuit points now that i am in the later part of the game fighting the aliens more . although i do make a real effort to go around each corpse and pickup the sutff . ensure that you are killing them in places that you can get to also . i shot a few off the edge of things and into holes where i could not get to them . i do find that not all of them drop the cloud that you can collect . i recall replaying some sections and not getting the points . perhaps you are collecting the points , and then it will not let you collect the same points again , but is keeping the total ? it sounds like it would need a little testing . such as running the same section multiple times , noting how many points you got each time . i will try and remember to look at it next time i play :d
disabling it should have no functional impact to your game but it may improve your fps slightly , i believe it is only active if you play in " windowed mode " - it just makes things like the taskbar all pretty .
i have mastered taking off my pants ! to remove your pants , simply put on a full-length dress . this places your shirt and pants into your inventory . then just put on a different shirt and boom , you got your dress off and your pants off ! i have also just discovered the same method can be used to remove your shirt as well ! instead of re-equiping a shirt after putting on a dress , instead put on pants or a skirt and you will have no shirt !
you should not need to download again . this guild wars 2 launch page says : can i download the guild wars 2 client early ? if you’ve registered your pre-purchase or pre-order and created your guild wars account , you can go to account management today and download the client . be sure to update the client periodically to minimize your download at launch . which i take to mean that the beta client we have installed , with updates , will be the client we need for the live launch .
party size does not affect loot drop quality . your drops are individual and the same as if you were solo . 1 drops are different for each party member , increasing the probability of more relevant or interesting finds when discussed , shared , and traded between a four-person party .
there are two ways to obtain melon slice : grow and harvest melon block . locate an abandoned mine shaft , they commonly intersect with a ravine , so ravine is good place to look for them . look for chest within the abandoned mine shaft . according to wiki , 13% chance to found 2-4 melon seeds in the chest . grow melon on farmland using melon seeds . harvest the fully grown melon block yields 3-7 melon slice . trade with farmer villager . find a npc village . they can only be found in desert or plains biome . obtain emerald by trading with villagers or from mining ( emerald ore is very very rare ) . look for the 1 emerald for 5-8 melon slice deals offered by farmer villagers . they are dressed in brown robe . if no villagers offer that deal , you can grow more villagers by building more houses ( doors ) . alternatively you can kill villagers to make room for new villagers to spawn . it depends on your situation to determine which way is faster . finding and exploring abandoned mine shaft will be more fun but does not guarantee you will find melon seeds . discovering a npc village is a guarantee way that you will eventually have a villager that trade melon slices . as a surplus , some villager might have some really nice trades , but it gets really really annoying when you have a lot of villagers . either way , to sustain a constant supply of melon slice , the best way is to have a melon farm . as mentioned above , melon seeds can be found in abandoned mine shaft chest . they can also be crafted , 1 melon seeds from 1 melon slice . additional note : 13% chance to found 2-4 melon seeds an abandoned mine shaft chest sounds very slim , but are high chance there will be more than 1 chest in abandoned mine shaft . it is a big place after all .
if you do not have mass effect 1 save data then : the colony on feros was not saved shiala the asari was killed the rachni queen on noveria was killed the council died and the destiny ascension was destroyed udina is the councilor no dlc events will be transferred over garrus was recruited wrex was recruited if you do not have mass effect 2 save data then : garrus is alive jack died on the last mission tali was recruited and alive samara was never recruited thane died on the last mission miranda is alive jacob is alive legion was never activated shepard destroyed the collector’s base shepard did not complete mordin’s loyalty mission tali was exiled by her people no n7 missions are completed no dlc will be transferred over ( arrival , overlord or lair of the shadow broker ) ie : zaeed and kasumi were never encountered in me2
there is no permanent replacement for either . if they die , they die . there are a few missions where a character who is key to the narrative is replaced , not as a squad member , but in terms of cutscenes and dialogs by another , related individual who you met in mass effect 2 . that said , even if both are dead , you are overlooking a squad member . you still have more options than the survivor , liara and james .
origin does not support screenshots . you will have to use fraps or steam to make them or the game 's functionality if there is any .
none of your upgrades from me2 will transfer to me3 . the only useful thing you can do before exporting a save is to wipe shepards allocated skill points to allow you to have a fresh start in me3 . and space hamsters are never frivolous .
the message is telling you ( in its own cryptic way ) that trying to enchant the given item further could destroy it , i.e. you have exceeded the limit where it is still safe to enchant the item ( the limit is +3 for normal armor and +5 for weapons and special armor ) .
it is mostly explained in these patch notes and this explanation : ultimate vault hunter mode is unlocked for a character once they have completed the main story missions in true vault hunter mode and reached level 50 . unlike other playthroughs , ultimate vault hunter mode can be replayed multiple times with players able to reset their overall mission progress at any time from the main menu . no more tutorial missions -- characters in ultimate vault hunter mode begin in southern shelf with the " cleaning up the berg " mission . while playing in ultimate vault hunter mode , enemies and bosses will scale according to the player 's current level or , if playing with others , the highest-level player in that party . -gameplay changes in uvhm : enemy health generally increased 4x . enemies now have a moderate amount of health regeneration . increased duration of slag damage multiplier effect . upped the damage that slagged enemies take from 2x to 3x . weapon swap speed increased to better facilitate slag use . enemies now more likely to drop ammo . loot midgets are now " legendary loot midgets " that can drop legendary and other top-tier gear . powerful new “ancient” e-tech relics and rare pearlscent-grade weapons can be picked up in ultimate vault hunter mode . generally speaking , enemies are harder , have much more health , slag is much more effective , rare drops are increased and certain new e-tech relics and pearlescent ( cyan colored ) equips are avalible only in uvhm . the e-tech relics and pearlescents are only availible in uvhm for people with the ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack ( $5 dlc , included for free with the season pass ) . note that due to the increased difficulty and increased efficacy of slag , uchm is particularly suited to co-op play . just like in " raid " boss fights , a siren with res is always useful . note also that the first ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack increases the level cap by 11 , from 50 to 61 , and ultimate vault hunter pack 2 increases the level 61 cap by yet 11 more levels to 72 , and includes new content entitled the raid on digistruct peak .
still searching for a better way , but so far here is what i have : what you do is you accept a patrol mission from a neutral/friendly base ( such as in distant fume ) . patrol missions will always ( as far as my experience goes ) go though multiple zones , some of which have pmc stations . when that happens , any enemies destroyed grant reputation due to the fact that you are ' protecting their station ' . it works but it is very very slow .
you can use an axe or the multitool you start with to chop down trees , simply aim at the base of the tree and chop away . bare in mind that some planets might not have trees or trees that produce wood ( which is what you are experiencing ) . you could explore that planet a bit further to find trees or just jump to a different planet . a little bit of coal gathered from the surface will allow you to jump planets .
since the lastest patch was just released , it is pretty hard to predict some specific counter versus bloodseeker . however here are some general tips about how the hero works and what weaknesses he has : the 2 first levels of bloodbath do not bring much regen . bloodseeker 's players tend to often to go in melee range in order to cs ( = creep stats = last hits + denies ) thinking that they will regen back : they are wrong . when they do that at the very begining of the game you can harass the hell out of them . make that bloodseeker understand that going in melee range is not a good idea ( for now ) . when he reaches level 5 it becomes much harder . however : to compensate his ability to gain life , his hp pool is pretty low early on so you can still trade with him without much problems out cs him . i mean if you face a bloodseeker : last hit and deny and focus to not miss anything . bloodseeker has a pretty awesome attack animation and some good base damage which make csing vs him really hard . grab some cheap stats items ( ironwood branch , balde of attack , wraithband/null talisman/bracers ) and if you are melee a quelling blade . preventing him from gaining life with cs is the easiest way to shut down a bloodseeker . if he goes on you ( if he casted rapture ) : do not moove ( obviously , press " stop/hold on " key ) and trade hit with him . do not try to run , it is pointless . man-fighting him is the best way to deal with the problem : if he silences you : great , you just gained at least 30% damage for free , you should use them to autoattack him . average ( and bad ) bloodseeker 's players forget to often the side effect of their silence . they will silence you ( = give you free damage ) and dive you under your tower : which is a pretty bad idea . you can abuse that to kill them or put them low hp enough to force them back . if he does not silence you : use your spells to burst him down quickly which makes diving you under tower a lot scarier . things to keep in mind versus bloodseeker since lastest patch he no longer gains armor when thirst is active : if you can force him to come under the tower to kill you , he will probably die before bloodseeker is a momentum based hero : shut him down early and he wont be a problem later in the game . worst the mid game is for him , worst his lategame will be . shutting him down is as simple as not giving him kills and out csing him ( no absolute needs to kill him ) bloodseeker is a ganking hero : put wards to see him coming . . . . . . however he does not have any disables ( appart with expensive items ) : carry a tp scroll on yourself : if he raptures + silences you : just tp back to base and watch him desperately trying to right click you to death while you laught at him . he can not forcestaff you to cancel the tp , that doesnt work finally he has no escape ( appart from movespeed ) : 1 or 2 gank ( s ) from your supports in early game can ruin the rest of the game for him .
from what i found online , this is a common issue when playing lod on a playstation 2 . while i was not able to find a reliable workaround anywhere i did figure one out that i have tested several times without fail . when you are getting ready to head back to disc 3 you board the queen fury and save your game while on the world map . turn off the game and switch to disc 3 . load your game and make port in the next town . since every disc has the world map for every other disc on it , using this method lets you bypass the insert disc screen altogether . ( i thought of this after power leveling for around an hour with the wrong disc in )
the only known way to reset the house is to disable the dlc , load the game , save it , then reenable the dlc . there is no known way to reset or rebuild the house with different additions . just remember to take out everything inside that you want to keep .
i just investigated your question on my server ( standard - not hardcore in case it matters ) with a couple of m1 abrams tanks . i have not confirmed these numbers for other vehicles , so results might be different for other vehicles . the magic number the number for disabling looked like 50% . i would have guessed it was that , but i would never tested to be sure . a 52% tank was fine , and a 50% tank was on fire . bleed effects once the tank was disabled , i had a grace period of a few seconds before health started bleeding . it seemed like about a 10 second period . but 50% was the point where it started bleeding . once it starts bleeding you have to either get it repaired or , failing that , bail out before it explodes . audio cues down to about 60% damage i heard a slow klaxon-like sound ( like an angry little alarm clock ) . from 50-60% the klaxon got very fast . at 50% and below , once the vehicle was on fire , the " woop-woop " alarm sound was added . heal effects when a you repair a vehicle 's health to the point that it is no longer disabled , all adverse effects from disabling are repaired too . when a vehicle is anywhere above a disabled state , after avoiding additional damage for a few seconds it'll slowly regenerate its health back up to 100% . in my tank testing it took about 12 seconds of non-damage before regeneration started . other though a disabled vehicle 's movement is impaired , its weapons function normally .
the red numbers denote the total number of restricted items in that category - items on the map that are not owned by the fort ( i.e. . traders or invaders ) , uncollected items ( such as webs ) , items used in construction ( such as blocks or buckets ) , or items that are designated as forbidden or queued to be melted .
you can only level up weapons to level x in a new game+ in single player . v is the max level in your first playthrough . source : the official prima strategy guide for me3 .
there is an article on the wiki about crouching , and it says no , regardless what weapon you use : crouching does not increase your accuracy when firing a weapon , unlike in other source games . when you see spies or scouts crouching while firing their pistols , either they are not aware of this ( i.e. . , as dave says , they do it out of habit ) , or they crouch to avoid being seen , good for hiding behind barrels , low walls , fences , etc .
when you say " mini-glaciers " i assume you mean the small ice patch that appears beneath a colony of pengulls in the winter . if so , the answer is no , the ice patches do not spawn in the same spot each winter . during winter , if you are walking near the ocean , a colony of pengulls has a chance to appear . at the same moment that the pengulls jump out of the water , an ice patch is created for them to go to . these ice patches are spawned in a random location . during your next winter , the next time you see a group of pengulls begin to pop out of the ocean , pull up your map . check around your location , and you should see the little pegnull icon somewhat nearby . that location is where the ice patch has spawned , even though the pengulls have not walked to it yet . if you want some " official " verification , the do not starve wiki even says : pengulls noisily spawn from the ocean when the player is nearby and walk directly to a randomly spawned " breeding ground " , marked by a thin layer of ice , that will appear as soon as a flock spawns and is represented by a pengull symbol on the map .
value matters now . it used to take about 400 iron daggers to level up to 100 . now it takes about 2400 iron daggers . from uesp : http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:leveling 25 + ( 3 * [ item value ] ^0.65 ) base xp for constructing an item . 25 + ( 8 * [ item value delta ] ^0.6 ) base xp for improving an item . so , making more expensive things and adding more value is a good thing . but making something twice as expensive does not give you twice as much experience . early stage first , try to stack as many xp boosts as possible . make sure you activate the warrior 's stone for a 20% xp boost , and get a good night 's sleep for a 5% - 15% xp boost . if you are further along in the game , completing a certain quest will add another 15% bonus to your smithing xp gain . making iron daggers and leather bracers is still good way of leveling up in early stages . it is quite useful when your level is low . jewelry is another good way to level up in early stages . you can obtain large amounts of gold and silver ingots by buying or mining iron ores , which are cheap and plentiful , and turn them into silver and gold ores with the transmute mineral ore spell . do not sell the gemstones you get from mining and adventuring ; use them to craft even more valuable jewelry . training is very inexpensive under level 50 , especially if you sell off all that jewelry you are crafting . mid level dwarven smithing ( level 30 ) : useful if you are going up the right side of the tree . dwarven ingots are plentiful in this game . you can get scrap metals from dwemer ruins and turn them into dwarven ingots . if you have dwarven perk on the right side of the smithing tree , you can take advantage of this . once you reach level 30 in smithing , you can start making dwarven bows ( 2 dwarven ingots + 1 iron ingot ) and upgrade ( 1 dwarven ingot ) . advanced armors ( level 50 ) : useful if you are going up the left side of the tree . with this perk , you can start making steel plate armor . it has the highest value added ratio , so very likely you will make profit even if you buy steel and corundum ingots , make steel plate armor , upgrade it , and sell it back to the blacksmith . speech skill and being able to get good deals is somewhat important for this strategy . high level upgrading an expensive armor adds a lot of value as your level gets high in smithing . you increase the value by 50% for upgrading to exquisite ( level 40 with perk ) . you double the value if you upgrade the armor to legendary . this effect is amplified if you use fortify smithing enchanted gear and have fortify smithing potions . one way you can take advantage of your high smithing level is to buy expensive armors and weapons at the blacksmith , upgrading them , and selling them back . if you have items that enhance prices ( volsung , masque of clavicus , necklace of haggling , potion of fortify barter ) , you can make profit doing this .
from the pc gaming wiki , " bioshock infinite - mouse speed slider tweak " article : mouse slider tweak this fix will modify in-game slider and give better control . navigate to %USERPROFILE%\Documents\My Games\BioShock Infinite\XGame\Config\ . locate and open file XUserOptions in text editor ( notepad for example ) . locate lines MinMouseLookSensitivity=0.100000 and MaxMouseLookSensitivity=4.000000 and change values to your taste . values 0.05 for minmouse and 0.5 for maxmouse works ok start the game and set your desired sensitivity via slider . finer grained mouse sensitivity this fix will let you set exact sensitivity values . navigate to %USERPROFILE%\Documents\My Games\BioShock Infinite\XGame\Config\ . locate and open file XUserOptions in text editor . locate line MouseLookSensitivity and set to desired value . this value has the same effect as the MouseSensitivity string used in other unreal engine titles .
these are the uses of the stone ( informative to those who does not know ) : sends back phantoms in your world ( not invaders ) to their world . you being the phantom , this stone sends you back to your world ( also works if you are an invader ) . vanishes npc phantom allies ( beware as their summon sign will not appear again even after resting at the bonfire . a friend of mine mentioned that it shows up again if you reload the game . if you are the host and use it , you can see your victories as a phantom . actual answer the reason for the " beware fickle use of this item " warning is because if you use it either as a phantom or as a host to send back people , you are committing a sin . i have only tested it as the host sending someone back and it did add me sin .
you can not . any subtle essence 's you have will have to be used or sold , as there is currently no way to " upgrade " them . there may have been in the past ( i am not sure how true this is ) but if so , it was removed before release . update for patch 1.0.5 as of patch 1.0.5 it is now possible to upgrade essences ( as well as tomes of training ) at the blacksmith at a ratio of 10:1 . more information can be found in the official post for this patch
it looks like this is a bug , and unfortunately you cannot use the omni plant even if you did have level 10 gardening . see this page for details . it sounds like the only option to get rid of them is through mods , master controller is one specifically mentioned as an option .
this is a little bit tricky . the oddest concept you need to know is that there are two ways to install steam on ubuntu . one natively , and one through wine . these will not run the same games . the native steam version will only let you install games with a native version , and i think you have discovered that does not include hom and m5 . however , the steam version installed through wine ( winetricks helps with this ) will run anything you can coax into working with wine . most people seem to have had varying levels of success , but overall it looks fairly likely that you could get it to work .
the ability to control entities that you are riding ( other than specifically programmed ones like horses ) is simply not in the vanilla game . you could technically move it with a lot of teleporting command blocks , but it would not be based on what keys you pressed . stacking a player onto a mob directly is also not really possible . however , you could summon a rideable pig , minecart , boat or tamed horse on top of the entity stack , and then just have the player right click on that to get on . getting off would just be the dismount key . eg : /summon boat ~ ~ ~ {riding:{id:bat}} /summon minecartrideable ~ ~ ~ {riding:{id:bat}}
this website : http://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/991073-portal-2/faqs/62236 contains the transcript .
i would try copying the following file from one computer to the other : ( change the drive letter as appropriate ) backing up and restoring this file works for me on the same computer , but i am not sure whether it can be transferred between chrome installations ( or whether more files are additionally required ) .
i will repeat myself again ( as in the comments ) . i do not know about gta5 , but in general ssd would be faster than a normal hdd + bluray . ps3 uses sata1 , which provides a bandwidth of maximum 150 mb/s ( sata2 allows 300 mb/s and more modern sata3 provides 600 mb/s bantwidth ) . hdd used in ps3 slim reads at 65 mb/s and bluray at around 9 mb/s ( all ps3 models use 2x speed bluray drives ) . that sums up to 74 mb/s read speed , which is almost a half of sata1 . if you run solely from an ssd you will achieve these 150 mb/s , which is twice as fast as hdd + bluray . and i say that running from an ssd will grant you 150 mb/s because of sata1 limitations , despite the fact that modern ssds do have both read and write speed of over 500 mb/s . as you noticed in second video , both load speed and character switching of ssd is ( more than ) twice as fast as hdd+bluray ( 41 sec vs . 102 sec and 8 sec vs . 16 sec respectively ) . and i totally agree with nolonar ' s comment .
after digging in the wiki quest page 's source code , i was able to easily locate the optional quest tag . sadly the quests in act 3 have yet to receive proper documentation on the wiki and i am not that far in the game to build upon said documentation myself . so here are the quests that have been flagged as " optional " by the poe community . it is worth noting that deal with the bandits has not been documented as optional , perhaps we have a different definition of side quests . listed below will be the quests that you do not need to complete in order to move forward in the game in act 1 and 2 . act 1: mercy mission a dirty job the dweller of the deep the marooned mariner act 2: through sacred ground the great white beast here 's hoping this will get you to complete every quests in the game ; ) additional sources that could yield information in the future ( if updated ) : http://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/12241 http://kris.bachiochi.com/other/poemap/map.html
there is not a way to damage a disc by playing the same part of the game over and over again . the power output of the laser is not sufficient to damage commercially printed discs in any reasonable time frame . the motor that moves the laser will likely fail before the disc or any of the other components will . it is also not true that playing a particular part of the game is more likely to read from the same locations on the disc repeatedly than playing the game normally . the game data could be laid out on the disc in such a way that certain portions of the disc see more usage if you are playing normally rather than playing in a particular area . for instance , during a portion of the game where you are standing still , the game might not need to access the disc much at all . on the other hand , loading your game and playing through several levels might cause a much higher load on the disc . you may be thinking of screen burn-in instead - if you leave a game running and the display on , over time the image can become permanently visible in the display , even when the game is off . depending on the display technology , this may take more or less time . many games have static status bars or other ui elements that encourage this form of burn-in .
magic find does not affect the chances to get a certain ilvl at all . it only affects whether the item is normal , magic , rare , or legendary . so magic find will increase the chance that you get more rare items , but not the level of those items .
if you run out of hp , you basically " quit " — it will end your session , and take you back to the title page , and you will not get to use any other miis or the like that you collected that day . every session starts with full hp .
be picky about which games you play , when you play , how long you will play , and what you will put up with . when you are limiting the number of hours you play , you want to make those hours the best possible experience . do not play a game that is dumb or does not make you feel awesome . do not play when someone else needs your attention . they will not like it , you will not like it , and you will not enjoy the game as much . if you are playing a multi-player game and can not find the right folks to play with , quit . if your friends are not online , or you the people you want to play with are already engaged , or the people you find yourself playing with are assholes , quit . do not play instead of sleeping . being well-rested has a big affect on patience , ability to learn , and motivation . those will , in turn , affect your relationships , school work , quality of parenting , exercise , food choices , etc . when my second and third kids were born ( twins ! ) i was so very exhausted i could not cope . if i got a chance to sleep , i would get woken up 30 minutes later , which sucked . i played games instead , because being engaged in them made me not notice how tired i felt . but of course , this just made the problem worse . watch out for that .
from the yahoo ! answers post , " how do i join the dark brotherhood in skyrim ? ": while on your travels in skyrim , go to any inn and ask for the latest gossip . the innkeeper will tell you that there is a child trying to perform the black sacrement in windhelm . if you happen to be in riften , speak to a man named maul . he will be standing against a post as soon as you enter the city . after sharing some tough words with you , he gives you information on both the thieves guild , and the dark brotherhood ; for a price , of course . you could alternatively talk to idesa sadri inside candalhearth hall in windhelm and ask about a cursed child performing the black sacrement . idesa can also be overheard talking to grimvar cruel-sea about the child , aventus aretino , outside the aretino residence . aventus aretino can be found inside the aretino residence , which has a novice-level lock . the child will offer you the innocence lost quest , which will lead to the quest with friends like these . . . . after innocence lost has been completed , a courier will appear and give you a note with the imprint of a black hand and the words " we know " written beneath it . if you do not receive the note , wait for a couple of days . once you receive the note , sleep in any bed . thereafter , you are abducted by the dark brotherhood , taken to an abandoned shack , and asked to kill one of three people in the room ( with friends like these . . . ) . killing one or all of the potential victims will earn you an invitation to join the dark brotherhood . you may also take the opportunity to destroy the organization by attacking the dark brotherhood representative , astrid . this will initiate the quest destroy the dark brotherhood ! .
endermen take damage from water . so : surround your house with a moat . as long as every floor tile on the same side of the moat as your house is sufficiently illuminated ( i.e. . , within 7 blocks of a torch , 8 blocks of glowstone , close to burning netherrack , etc . ) , endermen should not be able to get to your house to disassemble it . bear in mind that , generally , the roof of your house is probably also a valid place for endermen to spawn—put torches up there , too ! note that lava is also an effective deterrent , but it will also destroy any dropped items from enemies . update ( october 3 , 2012 ) : a mere moat is no longer sufficient . my current strategy for preventing harassment by endermen to build my house with a diagonally sloping roof and put a water source block at the uppermost point , completely submerging my house in running water ; the interior contains only a nether portal in waist-deep water . the nether portal emerges into an enclosed tunnel that spirals down into the depths of the nether and is heavily illuminated , where a second portal returns you to the real world in my actual subterranean home .
all weapons lose damage over distance , though it depends on the actual weapon on at what range they reach their minimum damage . this ps2 weapon data sheet gives the minimum damage distances of all infantry weapons . the damage in between degrades lineary , i.e. every meter decreases the damage by the same amount until the minimum damage is reached . in general , tr weapons have the shortest range at which they do minimum damage , nc weapons have slightly higher range and vs weapons have the highest range by quite a big margin but also the lowest minimum damage . however , there are exceptions to this , so you should look at each weapon individually .
a priest using power word : shield and divine spirit twice each can get the lightspawn to 36 attack ( ( 5 + 2 + 2 ) * 4 = 36 ) . so it could kill a hero in 1 hit . it can also all be played on the same turn has the lightspawn ( 4 mana for the lightspawn , 1 per power word : shield and 2 per divine spirit , 10 mana ) . using other cards that boost health like shattered sun cleric , defender of argus or temple enforcer you could get it even higher but that requires more turns . there is other cards to boost health that could help gain even more health . the card that helps the most is divine spirit , doubling the health and attack of a lightspawn . so playing all those and being able to keep the lightspawn full of health , you could get a 6 ( 2 enforcers ) + 2 ( 2 shattered sun cleric ) + 2 ( 2 defender of argus ) + 4 ( 2 power word : shield ) = 14 + 5 ( base health of lightspawn ) = 19 * 4 ( divine spirit twice ) = 76 attack/health minion .
kennen simply is strong cause he is ranged . the problem when laning against kennen aswell is , that your jungler cant really help you , cause kennen can escape about 80% of the ganks . one thing you can do is pick another ranged top against him ( vlad , jayce , nida ) , the problem here is that he either outscales them ( nida , jayce ) or beats them early ( vlad ) . you can also go with a very very tanky champ , preferebly a champ who has a shield ( malph , udyr , riven ) and just ignore his early aa damage . the third and last thing you can do is get a stronger late game champ ( jax , irelia ) , go for 1 or 2 gp10 and just farm as much as you can . the good thing about these champs is , that they can beat a kennen after 5 min alraedy if they get one succesfull gank of ( or they get a kill from another lane ) . what you have to remember is , that kennens main advantage is his aa range and his snowballing cause of early dominance . start cloth 5 if the enemy has a weak early jungler ( skarner , mundo , ww ) , go for a ninja tabi if his aa are killing you really hard ( even tho i would not do that often , mercs are simply better against his cc ) and dont go for all the creeps early . if you have to take 3 or 4 autoattacks , just to get 1 or 2 cs , its definitly not worth it . try to passivly farm as much as possible and stay on more than 50% hp . as irelia , you can sneak some cs with your q till you get to lvl 6 and got 2 dorans or a phage , then you can beat him pretty hard . what you can do as a meele bruiser is get some early mr and ninja tabi , and then just go for gp10 and late game . edit : most people know this , but they dont do it : stay behind minions and dodge his q . he will probably max q , so if you manage to dodge it , you avoid 100-300 dmg early game .
from a bit of looking around , it appears that the ios version of ff2 is a pretty much direct port of the psp version with added touch controls , so if you can find any information related to the psp version , that should apply here as well . that being said , i looked at multiple walkthroughs and reviews for the psp version , and many of them mentioned hitting yourself to increase hp , as well as spending lots of mp to increase your maximum . so both of those tricks should work . however , the cancelling trick was removed from the gba version of the game , and has not been present in any of the ports/remakes from that point onwards .
the eye of the north , despite being a point of interest , does not count for world completion . dungeon points of interest ( the ones actually inside the instance ) do not count either .
you can really only store one car there safely . otherwise they tend to glitch very badly . if the car disappears from your garage , its gone for good , and it disappeared because of a glitch . cars only go to the impound if you have abandoned them outside . the impound does not clean up glitches .
yes , just copy the world you want to share to minecraft server directory , delete old world named " world " , and rename the directory of your single player world to " world " . you can insert single player world into smp .
this has been possible using a glitch before , but it is now patched . so dual wield 2-handed weapons is not possible anymore .
yes , for you it would mostly be for role playing purposes . there is one exploit that may or may not be beneficial to you depending on how much you need money . as that 100 septims stack , you can sleep for 24 hours 10 times for example and get a 1000 gold . this was slightly helpful for me when i was trying to buy loads of master spells at 3000 each . apart from that its pretty much useless gaming wise especially if you do not need money .
explosive shotguns fire pellets like all the other shotguns . upon hitting the target , the pellet applies the explosive element at the point of contact between pellet and enemy . this means that if the pellet hit a critical part , it cause the explosive damage to be critical . grenade assault rifles and rocket launchers will not get critical hits bacause it is firing a projectile that explodes upon contact with the enemy . even if you aim for the weak spot on a huge enemy ( crystalisks ) , it will not apply the critical hit .
items in any chest that does not belong to you can vanish . most containers in the game are subject to reset , that is , they clear out all the contents after a certain period of time and are reset to their initial state . most containers reset after about a week of game time , however , examining the contents of the container causes the countdown to start over . a container could be made to never reset simply by opening it once every 5-6 days or so . any item a player has left in a container that has reset is lost . wiki ( just on a side note , i read a few times that chests had reseted earlier than the 7 days the wiki states as the interval . )
as per the official steam community page on trading cards , " booster packs are granted randomly to eligible users as more badges are crafted by members of the community . " ( eligible meaning " people who have received all their possible card drops for that game " . ) so , they are not from achievements or game purchases , they are somewhat random , and there is no way to know for certain how often they will drop , since that will vary as more/less people craft badges . the only real way you can directly influence their rate is to level up : every ten steam levels you gain will increase your chances of getting a booster pack by 20% of their normal chance ; get to something really high like level 50 , and you have twice the chance you otherwise would .
yes . steam trading cards are given out based on time spent in-game . steam does not have , for most games , any way to know whether or not you are actually doing anything , just whether you have the game running or not .
black souls are npc souls ( bandits , city guards , merchants , farmers , etc . ) ; white souls are everything else . normally you cannot capture a black soul unless you have a black soul gem ( which are hard to find ) , or the black star . either version of azura 's star will function as a reusable grand soul gem , however only the black star will allow you to capture black souls ( and , although it may be a bug , it also will capture white souls ) . regardless of level , a black soul is equivalent in power to a grand soul , making it easier to get your most powerful enchantments by taking out easy bandit camps . my personal recommendation is to get the black star , especially with its current behavior to also capture white souls .
based on a quote from this forum post : http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/archive/index.php/t-1394320.html shields do not " stack " as you would expect but all are handled seperately . every time you get hit , a random shield takes the damage . they all recharge seperately and yield seperately . if you mount the reflective shield and the fast recharge shield , you do not get a single super shield , but you still have two shields with different stats . you will see proton beams reflected 50% of the time , which is when they hit the reflec and not the fast recharge . as for the multiples penalty . . . that is called arbitrary game mechanic to make ship designs more diversified and interesting . it seems as though although your stats report the highest resistance , a random shield will take the hit , which may not be the highest-resisting shield .
just click on the little right-arrow on the top left , i.e. at the top of your party info . there , you will see options to invite players to your party etc . as well as whose squad you have joined . for instance , see the wiki 's entry on party and look at the top right image ( it would show your squad commander instead of " not in a squad " if you had joined one ) . however , being in a squad in no way forces you to " stick with your commander " or obey their commands , etc . ( please see gwen 's comment below . )
to take a screen shot in me3 , you will have to switch over to borderless windowed mode to allow print screen to work properly . using alt+printscreen captures just the me3 window , allowing you to paste it into paint .
ratman is the protagonist of the lab rat portal 2 comic and one of the scientists that worked to the glados project , probably the only survivor . he managed to escape the killer ai for a long time thanks to his paranoia . the secret places you find are his hideouts , the places where glados could not see , and therefore " safe " . as you can see in the comic , he is been the only living witness of the first defeat of glados by the hands of chell . he is working behind the curtains to help chell defeat glados once and for all , by putting her as the first testing subject . as it is shown in the last page , chell has an abnormal tenacity level , that makes more likely her survival through the ordeal of the test chambers . so , basically , ratman is the real hero behind chell 's victory .
you have 3 choices of castle , but they are purely aesthetic choices - only upgrading your castle affects gameplay . when you upgrade your castle , you gain perks at the cost of converting some of your warriors to craftsmen . the perks you gain are detailed on this answer . to upgrade your castle , you must come across some ' resources ' after defeating a nation ( which look like a pile of wood and bricks ) . you will then get the option of upgrading your castle . for completeness sake , the choices of castle you have are : japanese western futuristic you also cannot alter the choice of castle after you have chosen it .
i think the following is the correct way to currently do what i wanted : ensure that steam thinks the game is not installed . close steam just to be sure . copy the game files to SteamApps\common\&lt;game_name&gt; , where &lt;game_name&gt; is to be found out via googling/equivalent . in my specific instance , this was Batman Arkham City GOTY . launch steam and install the game . the installation will go through a " discovering existing files for _" stage . watch and wait as it downloads only the missing parts . i still have to download 9.8 gb though ( instead of 17 ) in my specific case .
i personally recommend ( in this order : ) dragons , wizards or witches , or minions . dragon is first because of the fact that it does a lot of area damage , which is great . wizards are second because they do area damage but are not flying units and can therefore be attacked by more troops . witches are also great , especially because they can keep summoning minions for a long time and are a great distraction and can stay alive for quite some time . minions are third because while they can fly , they do not deal as much damage as a dragon or wizards .
i found the exact same thing . the only thing i could surmise is that it is a way of increasing the difficulty curve . there is probably some rubbish justification for it along the lines of " the panauan military is taking measures to stop you from destabilising their country " or some rubbish . dunno why they would not just put a bullet in your head and go back to dictatoring . . . as for the resource constraints , i am not overly convinced that they affect anything . having completed the game , nothing really seemed to change much , other than the aforementioned increase in difficulty when getting 100% on settlements .
another way you can edit your render distance without tampering with class files yourself is to download a mod that does it for you . this mod has a 2x render distance and a 1.5x render distance version . additionally , it offers the better cloud mod . here is an image the author of the mod posted while using his mod :
mind units ( mu ) are how the global faction scores are tallied . mu are calculated based off estimations of humans within control fields . in my experience , mu is calculated as the field surface size times population density in the area . i have built several fields over industrial zone with very low human population and it resulted in same mu score as building a similar field over a densely populated areas in the same city . and it looks like population density information is aggregated on a very high level .
it gives you prestige makes it easier to handle your kingdom ( controlling 60 count vassals is harder than controlling 20 duke vassals ) allows your vassals to expand on their own ( i.e. . if your duke owns 2 of 3 counties in a duchy , you can press the claim on your own , or you can let him do it himself . dukes are more likely to make improvements on their own ( since they gain more money ) , so less micromanagement . the main reason to me is #2 above . my first game i did not make any duchies , all counties reported directly to me , which was all fine until i wanted to change a succession law . one of the requisites is that no vassals can have a negative opinion of you . try to achieve this when you have 60+ counts to take care of and a bad king with no heirs . i just could not do it . as for your second issue , when you give the duke title to someone , it is only a title at that point , you should either give the duke the counties in the duchy if you own them , or if the counties are controlled by your vassals , do ' transfer vassalage ' of the other counties in the duchy ( barons most likely ) to the new duke if you want to remove the ' desires such and such county ' penalty .
according to uesp , formulas for xp gain post 1.5 update are as follows : 25 + ( 3 * item value ^ 0.65 ) base xp for constructing an item . 25 + ( 8 * item value ^ 0.6 ) base xp for improving an item source : http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:leveling [ old info ] i did a little bit of experiment while leveling up smithing after 1.5 beta came out . based on the data i have gathered , it appears that the experience gained is roughly proportional to the square root of the value of the item created . furthermore , it also appears that experience gain by improving an item at a grindstone or workbench works in the same manner . the gain in experience is proportional to the square root of value added . so it seems that improving expensive items to super legendary state will contribute a lot to leveling up smithing in later stages . data : to get from smithing level 52 to 53 , i needed to make : 17 iron daggers ( value = 10 ) 13.5 leather bracers ( value = 25 ) 7 leather armors ( value = 125 ) 11 gold rings ( value = 75 ) , 7 gold necklaces ( value = 125 ) 3.5 elven bows ( value = 470 ) . to get from level 81 to 82 , i made 4.2 glass warhammers ( value = 985 ) 6.3 glass waraxes ( value = 490 ) 9.5 elven swords ( value = 235 ) 12 steel shields ( value = 150 ) 25 leather bracers ( value = 25 ) 32 iron daggers ( value = 10 ) to get from 81 to 82 , i improved : glass warhammer ( value before = 985 , after = 2298 , value added = 1313 , number = 3 ) glass warhammer ( value before = 985 , after = 1805 , value added = 820 , number = 4.5 ) glass waraxe ( value before = 490 , after = 1143 , value added = 653 , number = 4.5 ) elven sword ( value before = 235 , after = 548 , value added = 313 , number = 6.5 ) elven sword ( value before = 235 , after = 430 , value added = 195 , number = 10.2 )
no they are two different games . you can , however , emulate android on your computer . see this tutorial or this tutorial but please note that most android emulators run very slowly and will likely not run minecraft pe at an enjoyable level . for a quick recap of the tutorials : download the android sdk and extract it run sdk setup . exe and follow the steps after installation , select virtual devices from the left menu , and then click the new button fill in the required fields and click create avd select your newly created virtual device and click start you are now running a virtual edition of android . you can connect it to your google play account and download minecraft pe
you do not need to use both buttons ; the function you describe is just left-click drag . left-click dragging will split the held stack evenly across all slots dragged over . ( if the destination already contains some of the item , then equal counts will be added to the existing counts , so the result will not be even . ) right-click dragging will put 1 item in each slot dragged over .
see the bushes in the first picture ? those pigs are not crazy , they are defending their harvest . by getting close to the berries you become a threat , so they attack you . so , if you want to befriend a pig , you better choose another one , and if you need berries get a free bush somewhere else or be prepared to fight . otherwise , just walk around and they will mind their own business .
which platform are you playing on ? if you are playing on pc , they do not do anything yet , but frozenbyte has stated that they will in the future . on wii u , it unlocks the exclusive level . update : trine 2: complete story now uses them ! just like the wii u version , they unlock the dwarven caverns level .
further analysis of diamond probabilities : facts we need : diamond occurs in 0.12% of rock ( unverified ) . using an efficient strategy we can expose 16* blocks for every 4 we dig ( the ascii art does not account for two blocks you expose in front of you , so its actually 16 , not 14 ) . this breaks down to 4 blocks per dig . we are using strix 's method because diamond ore can appear in veins of 1 , so you do not want to skip over any blocks . ( if someone wants to do the math for the other methods , feel free to ) . diamond pick lasts 1563 blocks . we are assuming worst case scenario of all rocks and no caves , as caves improves diamond probability due to increased surface area with no digging required . simple math after this point : 1563*4*0.12% = 7.5 so you can expect to find 7.5 diamonds per diamond pick in the worst case scenario with average luck so you will increase your pick count . you want the floor of your dig to be at level 11 to avoid dropping into lava , which makes the ceiling at level 16 , which is still inside the diamond zone . even if the ratio is 0.09% , you should expect 5.6 diamonds per pick , you will still average more than you spend . the break even point is ~0.048%
according to an article at thonky . com , you can unlock the qr code machine associated with the sewing machine at the able sisters ' shop by talking to sable , who is working at the sewing machine . you have to talk to her each day for several days in a row . eventually the qr code machine will be unlocked .
here is a guide on how to complete the bank heist map without setting off any alarms . i have included a video demonstrating how the execute the plan but remember that each game has a variety of randomised elements which means you have to adapt the plan to your particular spawn . mission objective this depends , the bank heist level is used for the following levels , each with a differing objective ; bank heist : cash bank heist : deposit boxes bank heist : gold firestarter day 3 essentially the objective is to get into the vault , and then remove stuff from the vault ( bank heist ) , or . . . set fire to everything in the vault ( firestarter day 3 ) . the layout first of all , the layout of the bank , this is the insider info screen but i have made some minor modifications to highlight the important possible differences in random spawns : the yellow lines indicate where the entrance to the vault can be , while the pink lines indicate where the entrance to the security room can be . it is possible to get a " relatively " easy spawn by having the vault and security room both spawn at the back of the bank . it is also possible to have a " relatively " difficult spawn by having them both spawn in the lobby . once you have mastered the tactic of how to deal with each of these spawns though , it all boils down to react immediately when you begin to lose control of the situation . failing to react will result in an alarm , every single time . this means that if moving into the back room causes disruption in the lobby , control the tellers before they can set off the panic alarms . likewise , if moving into the lobby upsets the people in the back room , get in there before they can hit the panic alarms . work as a team - if one crew member takes down a guard and another guard is closing in , work quickly to eliminate both threats . the plan the plan is simple : enter the bank locate the vault and the security room take out the security room to disable the cameras take out the guards and answer their pagers simultaneously subdue the tellers and the crowd in the bank while keeping control of civilians on the street drill the vault loot the vault walk casually to the van to complete the level so , nice and simple , right ? let 's take a look at each step in more detail . you are going to want to be wearing suits and carrying minimal visibility weapons so that guards and cameras do not spot you the second you walk into visual range . you can have a crew member with the ove9000 saw if you want , but this individual is going to be doing a lot of standing around while the appropriately geared crew members set up the heist due to the high visibility of the saw . walk into the bank , spot where the vault is , spot where the security room is , walk around and locate all of the guards , see what paths they are taking . you are looking for the little subtle differences caused by randomised spawns : is the back door open ? are guards following a route that takes them out there ? are any of the guards on the roof ? is there a guard walking between the atms and the tellers and does he go anywhere else ? is there a civilian sat on the benches outside the bank ? once you have got eyes on the guards , make your move on the security room , use an ecm or the managers ' keycard to get in there and put a bullet in the guard , bag him and check the cameras to mark the guards . the rest of your crew probably has not masked up yet so they are not going to be able to mark the guards so this is going to help . if you have got guards wandering off alone outside , take them out , bag them and move their remains somewhere sensible . quite often there is a dumpster open outside which is perfect for storing the bodies of everybody in entire bank if you want to . you do not want to rush this stage , a single mistake will result in an alarm , you want to be killing everybody cleanly without feet visible in doorways or civilians standing next to them . once you have got yourself into a position where the guards and cameras are no longer a threat , you have the most intense few moments of the plan . this stage requires coordination and if one crew member acts before the rest , you will have an alarm on your hands , followed by a police assault . during this stage of the plan , you will want one crew member to get all of the civilians in the back room on the ground - remember that there is a panic button in the back , if a civilians moves for it , put a bullet in them . at the same time that this is going on in the back , one of your crew members needs to storm the teller 's room , give them one chance to get on the ground but if they reach for the panic buttons , kill everybody in the room - do not take any chances . again , at the same time all of t his is going on in the back and in the tellers office , another crew member needs to storm the lobby and get everybody down on the ground . the fourth crew member needs to be on the streets outside the bank getting all of the civilians outside on the ground . you can of course use an ecm to stop any phone calls during this stage , it will buy you a little time and prevent an alarm in the event you miss one or two people and allow you to ensure that by the time the ecm expires the situation is under control . cable tie everybody . if it can get up and move , it is a threat . if you run out of cable ties , kill them or assign somebody to keep watch over them . random civilians being able to move around during the later stages of this heist is a guaranteed alarm . once the situation is under control , start drilling . the noise does not matter , neither does the amount of time the drill takes to complete - by this point you should be completely in the clear . keep your crew member on the street in case any other civilians decide to turn up but the ones inside of the building can now pretty much stand around waiting for the drill to complete . by this point if you have not had an alarm you are probably not going to but whichever crew member is outside the bank should remain diligent as it will be a civilian outside the bank that results in the alarm being triggered at this point since you have cable tied or otherwise disposed of everybody inside the bank . this is further demonstrated later in my video below where i can walk around the bank breaking windows and shooting breakables throughout the level without triggering any alarms . i should not need to tell you how to loot stuff , i am sure you have that under control , and with the absence of alarms the casual walk back to the van with the contents of the bank in bags should not be an issue either . recommended abilities somebody who can dominate , in case five guards spawn at least one crew member who can place ecm to block calls to the police , at least one crew member with the smoother talker ability , at least one crew member with the cleaner ability aced to dispose of bodies here is a video of bank heist : cash being completed on overkill difficulty without setting off any alarms : as stated earlier , because the bank heist level is reused in firestarter , the tactic to take control of the bank during a bank heist is the same tactic that can be used to take control of the bank during firestarter . the only difference is that in firestarter the vault is electrified , and the power to this trap needs to be disabled in the room on the roof .
i think that will help you : http://www.diablofans.com/topic/41045-spoiler-diablo-iii-item-affixes/
there is no indication in the game itself . weapons weapons for all characters follow the same pattern . ingot / tinc tinc / dry metal / ster metal goldstein / silvatite platine halmolium clothing there is no such regularity for the clothing , so there is no way to provide the ingredients list without spoiling all the clothing in the game . i also can not find any reference for the original , uncrafted names of each piece . alchemy costume - cloth / muffcot normal threads - muffcot / silkis traveler 's wear - silkis / polywool / nylonfeather port outfit - polywool / nylonfeather / tanbeash angel robe - scale cloth ancient garb - velvetis adventure wear - cloth / muffcot fancy armor - muffcot / silkis feather chain - silkis / polywool / nylonfeather dragon wear - nylonfeather / tanbeash blessed costume - scale cloth hero mail - velvetis lady plate - silkis / polywool battle mail - nylonfeather / tanbeash maiden armor - scale cloth valkyrie cloth - velvetis rose maiden - polywool / nylonfeather / tanbeash gorgeous dress - scale cloth saint robe - velvetis leather coat - muffcot / silkis / polywool dragoon cape - scale cloth / tanbeash full metal jacket - nylonfeather / tanbeash solar cloak - scale cloth heroic cape - velvetis phantom thief - tanbeash / nylonfeather fighter 's garb - nylonfeather / tanbeash scholar 's robe - cloth / muffcot knight 's uniform - muffcot / silkis / polywool iron chef outfit - scale cloth / velvetis
it really depends on what you want . if you hold forward , you will go faster , but you will not be as maneuverable . i usually hold forward while i am skiing , as i think speed is more important than maneuverability in tribes : ascend .
smart casting is quicker . taking caitlyn 's q for example , it shoots at where my mouse is . i do not aim it . for targeted spells ( say teemo 's q ) it is great for his aa-q-aa combo out of stealth . note that you start the process by holding q down : you can stop the smart cast by rightclicking if you use smartcast indicators . in this case , you do not commit to it .
the choose more wishes wish simply generates a new wish in its place and lets you wish again . you will not get duplicate wishes though . if you like the multiplier on offer a lot , you should take the multiplier and leave the free wish for when the generated wish is something you do not want . if you do not want the multiplier on offer , take the free wish and it will give you a different option .
there is no way currently to do this ; only though the twitch site . here is a video to help ( also prove ) you :
it simply increases the affected range , like in most of the games . i actually end up putting most of my fields in the tiered field with the spring . it makes watering easier . you simply use the spring to water in the morning and use the watering can in the evening . if you stand in the right spot you can water the whole screen in 2 or 3 uses . but for more information please check this guide : http://fogu.com/hm11/index.php it is the best for harvest moon help .
there is currently no way to break down mammoth tusks to get powdered tusks . the only way to obtain some is to purchase it in an alchemy store or to find it as loot . source or if you are desperate for some and are on the pc , you can do it via the console : player . additem 6bc10 [ amount you want ]
no , that law applies only to your vassals . until you have castle vassals , the effect of that law will be nothing . you already receive the full income of your castle holdings anyway , so there is nothing to increase . however , now is a good time to change your feudal tax laws to what you will want them to be once you start having feudal vassals , since you do not need anyone 's approval to do so . if you just need more income , set your steward to collecting taxes . you will get a bump in revenues from that county , with a small chance of events that give you a lump sum or injure your steward . ( if you do not like your steward , it is win-win ! )
no it does not . i have run 3 full clears of whimsyshire , and never seen the pinata once . since the pinata is just the whimsyshire version of a resplendent chest , i would assume that it has a relatively low chance to spawn . i would assume however , that it will always spawn somewhere near the exit stone , as most resplendent chests in dungeons do so .
my tv ( samsung ) has specially marked hdmi ports . there are 3 total , but one is marked PC . this port does not overscan , if the ' category ' is also set to pc . it sounds like your ps3 is broadcasting an exact resolution image , then the tv is trying to compensate for the overscan . see if the hdmi ports are labeled as such , and potentially name the port ( in your tv menus ) pc or game ( although it sounds like pc would be preferred in your case ) . with all of that said , a friend has an older widescreen tv and is unable to disable overscan on it . he had to settle for changing it in his pc . the bad news is it does not look like you can adjust overscan in the ps3 as a global setting at the moment .
in the other question you linked , you will note that there is a discernible drop-off in your gain per worker that occurs once you have more than 16 workers on minerals and 2 on a geyser . this means you can have 20 workers on a base before you start seeing diminishing returns . the reasoning for going beyond 20 at any particular base is usually to start massing up for your next expansion . by the time you reach 30 workers on one base , you should be in the process of expanding . after establishing the expansion , you would move workers in excess of 20 to the new base and repeat as necessary for future expansions . keeping 20 at each base after expansion also helps you avoid the problem of having many workers bunching up on only a few remaining mineral nodes , especially if you are bad at catching this and transferring workers . as for the cap , if you are following the above strategy , you will find that you typically have 3 bases actively harvesting at any given time with a comfortable number of workers for each base , which would put you at around 60 workers . full saturation of three bases puts you at 90 workers . any more than that is typically accepted as overkill . this means that , depending on play style and the stage of the game , you will probably have between 60-90 workers on 3 bases if you are playing at peak efficiency in terms of workers . from there , you will keep moving workers off of old expansions to new ones until you run out of expansions , then throw them all at the enemy in a last-ditch " crap we ran out of resource nodes " attack . the mineral mining article on the team liquid wiki goes into detail about workers and mining minerals . for some quick information about the maximum number of workers that makes sense , check out their article on resources .
redstone is used for several items such as compasses ( surround a redstone with iron ) and watches ( surround a redstone with gold ) and an ingredient in extending the length in potions . more importantly , it is used to make redstone wire when placed on the ground . this can transfer the energy produced by , for example , a lever to a door several metres away . this is only the simplest use for it- more complex uses include traps , automatic reed farms , locks and even a simple calculator . for more information , check the wiki : http://minecraft.gamepedia.com/redstone
while mutations are changeable at any point , evolutions are not . if you had like to play through the campaign with the other unit , you will have to reload a save from before you beat the mission for the first time . if that is not available , the only way to swap evolutions is by restarting the campaign .
yes , confirmed - you can unlock eve by making two deals with the same devil ( i.e. . purchasing both deals in the one room ) . by side effect , you also unlock her dead bird and whore of babylon ( "the curse" ) , which is announced upon leaving the room . source : me , having just now done exactly that and unlocking her .
yes , you definitely can get the outfit , but it can take some time for the able sisters to have all the proper pieces . i bought the hat and shirt just a few days between each other , but i had to check the store every day for almost 2 weeks until the pants were on sale . you will also need the kicks store unlocked ( by spending 8,000 bells at the able sisters ) to obtain the shoes as well , of course .
trial and error by brewing potions . if you match 2 ingredients that have an effect in common , you produce a potion/poison of that effect . there is also the experimenter perk in the alchemy tree which lets you see more effects by just eating the ingredients .
argonian +10 lockpicking , +5 restoration , alteration , light armor , sneak , pickpocket histskin : invoke the power of the hist to recover health ten times faster for 60 seconds . resist disease : your argonian blood is 50% resistant to disease . water breathing : your argonian lungs can breath underwater . breton +10 conjuration , +5 alchemy , illusion , restoration , alteration , speech dragonskin : absorb 50% of magicka from hostile spells for 60 seconds . magic resistance : breton blood grants a 25% resistance to magic . dunmer ( dark elf ) +10 destruction , +5 alchemy , illusion , alteration , light armor , sneak ancestor’s wrath : for 60 seconds , opponents that get too close take 8 points per second of fire damage . resist fire – your dunmer blood gives you 50% resistance to fire . altmer ( high elf ) +10 illusion , +5 conjuration , destruction , restoration , alteration , enchanting highborn : regenerate magicka faster for 60 seconds . highborn : high elves are born with 50 extra magicka . imperial +10 restoration , +5 destruction , enchanting , heavy armor , block , one-handed voice of the emperor : calms nearby people for 60 seconds . imperial luck : anywhere gold coins might be found , imperials always seem to find a few more . khajiit +10 sneak , +5 alchemy , one-handed , archery , lockpicking , pickpocket night eye : improved night vision for 60 seconds . claws : khajiit claws do 15 points of damage . nord +10 two-handed , +5 smithing , block , one-handed , light armor , speech battle cry : target flees for 30 seconds . resist frost : your nord blood gives you 50% resistance to frost . orsimer ( orc ) +10 heavy armor , +5 enchanting , smithing , block , two-handed , one-handed berserker rage : you take half damage and do double damage for 60 seconds . redguard +10 one-handed , +5 destruction , alteration , smithing , block , archery adrenaline rush : stamina regenerates 10x faster for 60 seconds . resist poison : your redguard blood gives you 50% resistance to poison . bosmer ( wood elf ) +10 archery , +5 alchemy , light armor , sneak , lockpicking , pickpocket command animal : make an animal an ally for 60 seconds . resist disease and poison : your bosmer blood gives you 50% resistance to poison and disease . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/comments/m0e2a/complete_list_of_skyrim_race_differences/
the next weapon from the blacksmith is the scythe . it costs 5,000,000 candies and does not even appear until you have a large number of candies . the next weapon you are likely to find is either the troll 's bludgeon from defeating the troll at the bridge , or the monkey wizard 's staff from the monkey wizard in the cave . for more information : http://candybox2.gamepedia.com/weapon
you might want to get the pogo stick which is obtained by clicking the * near the cave entrance then , if you dont have the armor already , get it . it is gotten by going to the forge with 15 thousand candies , which im pretty sure its buyable after you beat the troll an easy way to get the candies necessary is to boost your lollipop farm to maximum ( 100 ) and throwing those lollipops in the wishing well for candies . you could also grind out the troll for candies . hope this was helpful .
in ranked solo and duo queue , the pick order is by solo/duo elo . thus , if you have 2nd pick , you have the second highest elo on your team . in ranked premade , the person who invited everybody is captain and picks first , and the rest are , according to several forum posts , ordered by a hidden ranked premade elo based on wins/losses while in that specific queue . season 3 introduced the concept of leagues and league points to mark progression in ranked . elo still exists as a hidden value called mmr , standing for m atch m aking r ating . in season 3 , the pick order in ranked , both solo/duo and premade , ignores leagues/lp , and is entirely dictated by mmr . therefore , a platinum i player can pick before a diamond iv player , and a duo between a gold ii player and a bronze iii player will always* make the gold ii first pick and the bronze iii last pick . it is in fact very common for players in lower divisions to have higher mmr and thus pick before players in higher divisions . this is most notable in each tier 's division i , as those players tend to have mmr similar to or above that of players in the next higher tier . it is also fairly common to see players in the upper divisions of a tier pick above players in a tier 's division v , as some players in a division v may be stuck there due to the inability to drop tiers . note that in premade , the pick order is still determined by individual premade mmr and not the mmr of the team . *assuming that there are enough people in queue . if for some reason there are few summoners in queue , such as on low-activity servers , then it is very possible for this to not be the case . for non-ranked draft pick games , pick order is not dependent at all upon individual normal mmr . rather , each player has an equal chance to be first-pick , with captains of premade groups absorbing the chances of their group members . all picks but the first are randomised .
faction takeover missions , the ones that require you to protect a technician while trying he goes about hacking into the site 's systems , usually end with a ' boss battle ' , where the site 's commander comes attacking in a helicopter or armored vehicle . at this point , look around for a mounted minigun , which can be detached by tapping the jump key ( default : space ) , so that you can aim upwards at the helicopter . this is the best option , as the minigun is extremely powerful and has unlimited ammo . if you can not find one , then you just have to make use with whatever is at hand . there should be a lot of dead guards around the area whose machine guns should be useful in taking down the helicopter . if you have the time ( which you usually would not ) , you can also look around to see if there is a helicopter nearby which you can use .
the key here , as noted in toomai 's answer , is to recruit enemy foot-soldiers to your team as early as possible to increase your numbers . in mission 001 , when the two mid-size enemies show up , one of the first things they will do is call in a squad of little enemies to support them . what you need to do is hit these guys just hard enough to put them near-death ( they will stop moving and start to glow a light-purplish light ) and then wrap them in a wonder-circle . this will have the same effect as if you were recruiting a civilian : the enemy will be converted to an ally and join your team , increasing your combat potential and giving you a better chance at survival .
http://hom.guildwars2.com/en/faq/ q : will i be able to continue earning hall of monuments rewards in guild wars after guild wars 2 is released ? a : yes .
you can check in the options under interface options for skip intro checkbar , like this , and make sure it is set as you wish it . another way is in the game folder itself , should be " steam\steamapps\common\sid meier 's civilization v " . there you can find civ5_opening_movie_en_us . wmv . it is simple movie file you can play . or you could simply watch the intro online on youtube
no . http://steamcommunity.com/app/277870/discussions/0/540737414870758326/ a quote from the developer : hi , once you have reached diehard rank , your diehard points will remain , even if you drop rank . it just means that you will not continue to accumulate diehard points until you reach diehard rank again .
it seems to me that if you find the early game fun , and the late game not-so-fun , that perhaps there are a couple of issues here : you have not got enough turns in the early game to fully exploit your early game units and technologies micromanagement in the late game can get painful , especially when you have got lots of cities/units in " vanilla " civ5 , i would probably attempt to fix these issues by slowing down the game 's pace , and ensuring that finding enemies to war with is relatively easy . the overall goal would be to expand quickly , and then enter the war state , and dominate long before the other victory conditions come into play . by slowing the game pace , there will be more turns for moving units between scientific advances or production . this focuses the game more on careful unit tactics and allows for more strategic movement of units . if you are a true warmonger , you are likely to conquer the world long before you reach the top of the science tree . things like a small , pangea-style map , and more civilizations than the default number would both be things that cause a great deal of war early on . ideally , you are going for a domination victory , or maybe cultural - time , diplomacy , and science victories stretch long into the endgame and require a sizeable empire , usually . additionally , to reduce the amount of micromanagement i have to take on , i tend to prefer to build few cities , and conquer/puppet whenever possible . turns pass much quicker when you have got few things to do . of course , since civ5 supports mods , there are a couple of ways to attack this problem using mods : you could slow general science progress down , with a mod like " slomo science " you could make early science development slower with a mod like " slower science start " you could use a larger mod that is tailored for this type of experience , such as " wars of the bronze age " you can keyword search the mod list , so you can use any part of the mod name to locate these mods and see if they tailor your experience in the way you want . it might also be good to look for mods that change the victory conditions - i do not know what you had consider to be " fun " as far as victory is concerned , but i am sure mods exist that would end the game before it gets to the modern/micromanagement era if that is more your liking .
savegame magic ! this will also let you edit choices from mass effect 1 . work appears to be on going to get all the me2 plot choices in , but most of the major ones are there .
the way of the hardcore is not easy or quick , but you can be the one to conquer it with just a few simple steps . on water : you should devote as much space as you need to water , both purified and dirty . this will give you the stamina necessary to accomplish your quests with out the bouncing out to drink from the rad free sources convientiently located around the map . the best of these are good springs source , the camp in the far south where you get rose , and the ncr tenant farm . also , remember that even an irradated source will reset you to zero so drink when you can to save bottles for when you can not . on food : you should be able to scavange more than enough food from those you kill through the quests and just laying around to never even need to touch a campfire . concentrate on things that have a high food to weight value like the squrriel-on-a-stick and the brahmin steak . i would recommend not using food to heal as the hit points are not worth it on a weight basis , although if your hurt and hungry , they are a nice bonus . on healing : med supplies still do not have weight so get those ! i also like to use soda but only when i have a ready source of water ( irradiated or not ) . the sunsets are a better option than the nukas but dealers choice . i would save your stimpacks for your companions as they have a tendancy to drop quickly if it ever drops in the pot with things that are over your level . ( as your speed running , your level will still be low at the end of the game ) . on storage : i would not worry about it . you take what you need along with you and leave the rest behind with out a backward glance . the fallout games make you want to be hoarder , but those guys smell funny and you do not even get be on t.v. so do not do it ! on quests : the trick with the quest is do the main plot and the ones you can do along the way . that is it . you can beat the game by the quickest method at level 24 or 25 as long as you do not do any of the long trek quests . you can also keep all the various factions off you until you have already gotten a bunch of fast travel spots in the strategic spots , which will save you time in the long run . to this end skip the booted ! quest as you do not want to have to run and gun all those assassins . on companions : boone and ed-e , ' nuff said . on ammo : ammo is a great way to make money , it is by far the lightest trade good in the game . i would suggest picking what you are going to use as a weapon and keep only that ammo and sell the rest . this also lets you ignore 3 skills entirely so that you boost your chosen skill even quicker . i would also grab the best gun for your skill even if it makes you go out of your way . that machine is a great choice if you are focusing on guns and there is a great energy gun in the factory just south of new vegas , if you had rather go that way . on the end game : this contains some spoilers so do not read it if that is going to upset you , kthxbye the easiest and quickest path to the end of the game is the mr . house path . it has the fewest hoops to jump through and least amount of exposure to inevitable pissed off other factions . if you drive to the end along this path you can hit the end at an extremely low level , especially if you invest in a higher speech . anyway , hope this helps you get that last little achievement with a quickness : )
you can install steam games on an external drive . when installing a game , it asks where you want to install . by default , this will point at your steamapps . you can use the dropdown menu to select your external ssd and create a new steam library folder and install the game there . you may need to restart steam after plugging in the drive . if you do not see the dropdown , make sure your steam is up-to-date . ( sorry for non-english screen capture )
the result is entirely determined by which medal you earned : bronze or silver medals give you a bad result , and gold or platinum medals give you a good result . bad results are things like " earth 's infrastructure heavily damaged " , or " the damage from your raids is negligible " . good results are things like " earth 's infrastructure barely scratched " , or " your raids leave deep and lasting damage to the colonials . " whether you complete the bonus mission or not does not affect the earth intel . the number of good and bad results you get from missions affects the ending : with enough good results , the epilogue is positive . if you just go through the game and do not replay missions , you will probably get a bad epilogue ; it is much easier to earn gold medals when you go back to the first few missions with fire and forget missiles and the strike suit . i recommend seeing the bad ending , then getting better medals on early missions so you can see both endings .
mhhh . . . you said you set " online-mode " to false , but in the config file you provided , it is set to " true " . to set it to " false " permanently , open your . bat file ( the file you use to start your server ) and change -o true  to -o false  the "-o false " is a command to set " online-mode=false " your server should now be in ofline mode . you should be able to connect via " localhost "
you can not . you only get two copies of steam games in very specific cases . i would have said that you should not have used the key for it if you wanted to gift it , but that is not allowed either ( though who knows if it is enforced ) . this is all confirmed by the page where you retrieved the steam keys : note : steam will not provide you with extra giftable copies of any bundle games you already own prior to redeeming your bundle key ( s ) . . . . note : all keys are for your personal use only .
go into sinclair spirits ( left to the view on the second screenshot ) . find the switch behind the counter and use it . a door on the wall opposite to the counter will open . go through that door and go downstairs , where you will find a power to the people machine . use this machine . after returning upstairs , the previously locked stairwell will be unlocked .
mass effect 3 does not only have no partial install on the ps3 , it does not have any install at all ( unless i severely fell asleep when starting the game ) . the actual space required , like with many bioware games , depends on the size of the save game files , which in turn depend on how far you are through the game . they will not reach the mammoth proportions of the bethesda games however , so you should not have to worry . as general advice however , you should keep a few gigabytes free on your hdd at all times to allow the system some space to swap in and out virtual memory . you might also want to consider upgrading the hdd or replacing your system . ( i did this recently because of the problem in this question ) .
here 's a list of all permanently missable items in the game . a no encounter weapon , as an equipment drop from geosgaeno . a magic counter buckler , from the hovercraft merchant in the calm lands . the 0-slotted longsword can not be bought after a certain point . master spheres are limited in quantity . the four al bhed primers from 19 till 22 are ( technically ) missable . also , certain non-items are also permanantly missable . having wantz in macalania woods selling 4 slot equipment you can not recruit durren for your blitz team anymore after a certain point . for more information , there is a faq on gamefaqs giving detailed information for all of these items
from comparing a few different reviews and my playthrough as well as my friends , i can say that aside from a few different scenes along the last chapter and its end , the game plays out mostly the same . the following is what i know : when visiting the shelter ( end of ch . 4 ) , anyone in the group can stay or not ( omid and chirsta either both come or both stay ) , if ben is with the group he can come along as well depending if you get there alone ; if you are not alone in the shelter , you have the option of cutting off your arm or not . your infection will spread either way ; coming back home the boat will be gone . if anyone stayed behind he will be locked inside the shed ; on the way to the sign/bridge , if you have ben with you , he will fall off a broken balcony and be impaled . kenny will be " overrun " protecting him ( not implied if dead or not ) . if ben is not with you , christa will fall down a skylight and kenny will help her out , but he will be overrun afterwards ( again , not implied if dead or not ) ; the bridge breaks when lee crosses it whether omid and christa crossed before or not . you will be separated either case . omid and christa will not return ( unless you assume they are the shadowed figures in the post-credits scene ) ; if you kept a weapon while talking with the stranger , you can attack him yourself , otherwise clem will attack him . you may kill him or spare his life ; lee will collapse after clem sees her parents . near the security guy lee can tell clem to kill him or just leave him chained . if kept alive , lee will turn . clementine leaves either way ; the end credits scene does not seem affected by any choice in the episode .
i did a better search and found the answer . easy initial funds : 500,000 staged growth boost : 83% demand boost : 6% tax boost : 20% medium initial funds : 200,000 staged growth boost : 91% demand boost : 3% tax boost : 10% you can get the space port reward in this difficulty level . hard initial funds : 100,000 staged growth boost : 100% demand boost : 0% tax boost : 0% you are also able to get the space port and area5.1 rewards in this difficulty level . -- staged growth is the mechanism that prevents skyscrapers from being built in a small town . the percentages change the stage limits . for example , if you have a population 37,000 of medium wealth residents then you have a high enough population for stage 7 buildings . however if you were to play on easy then you had be able to get some stage 8 buildings . this is because 43,859 ( number of residents needed for a r$$ stage 8 buildings ) is multiplied by 0.83 ( 83% ) which equals 36,403 . that is enough for some stage 8 buildings . source is : http://www.simcitycentral.net/forums/archive/index.php/thread-223.html
the dragon egg does absolutely nothing ( well , apart from eluding most attempts to pick it up ) . put it on your mantelpiece to show them online . from minecraft wiki to obtain the dragon egg , the player may push it with a piston , detonate it with tnt , or place a torch or slab under the block the egg rests on and then destroy that block so the egg falls onto it . it is possible for the player to hit one while it is still moving to the point it breaks , however this is difficult . another solution , is that you can start breaking a coinciding block and then scroll over to the egg while holding the break button , in this case you will start breaking the egg instead of it teleporting on contact .
most monsters can be caught more than once using catch-and-release . additionally , you can capture multiple black , blue , green , purple , white , and regular chocobos . there are , however , a number of monsters you can only capture once ever , 1 as serge bekenkamp 's answer mentions : fightable gigantuar golden chocobo twilight odin retrievable using mog 's manifestation /moogle throw cactuarama cactuarina chichu leyak nanochu rangda silver chocobo notes note 1: unless you purchase the perpetual battlefield dlc , which allows you to fight valfodr . the drops for defeating valfodr at his various levels include monster crystals for the normally unique tamable monsters .
aha - this answer made me figure it out . if you throw a freeze blast into the water far enough away from the edge of the platform , you’ll be able to rappel back onto the highest ledge , and double-tap the a button ( xbox 360 ) to power glide up into the panelling and break it . you then use the batclaw to get the trophy . ( here’s hoping in the next game he can just throw a batsledgehammer at stuff like this . )
they have to wait for all of the mods that they include in the pack to be updated . some mods , like forge , use the prerelease to update -- but some do not . for some mods , the authors just are not paying attention . and for some mods , updating is actually hard , and they were not able to get it functioning by release day . expect a list of " mods that we are waiting for " to come out soon .
there is an option in the menu . options > interface > auto unit cycle
you are tasked with finding these for the " no stone unturned " quest . from the uesp : the stones are located in the following places : dark brotherhood sanctuary ( astrid 's room ) whiterun halls of the dead catacombs ( in the first room , go down the left stairs and it will be to your left ) mistveil keep in riften ( jarl 's room ) proudspire manor in solitude ( has to be purchased for 25.000 gold ) college of winterhold ( arch-mages room ) dragonsreach in whiterun ( jarl 's room ) jorrvaskr in whiterun ( kodlak 's room ) dead crone rock ( on the table near the ' boss' ) house of clan shatter-shield in windhelm black-briar lodge east-northeast of riften ( second floor bedroom , next to bed ) ansilvund burial chambers ( northeast of riften ) wuunferth 's room in the palace of kings 2nd floor ( windhelm ) stony creek cave ( south of the eastmarch imperial camp , last room on the table ) rannveig 's fast south of morthal , northeast of rorikstead ( after falling down the trapdoor in fron of the chest and dragon-word-wall ) fellglow keep northeast of whiterun ( straight up the stairs and to the right ) dainty sload ( a ship along the coast southwest of the solitude lighthouse ) sunderstone gorge ( right of the alchemy on a table with skeletons ) solitude palace ( queen 's room ) yngvild , between dawnstar and winterhold ( very last room near the end ) treasury house in markarth ( end table in thonar 's bedroom , which is the left from the front door ) dwemer museum in markarth , entrance to the right as you enter understone keep ( table in room to the left ) thalmor embassy ( elenwen 's solar , second floor , first bedroom on your left ) hob 's fall cave ( near the alchemy set on the left ) pinewatch - house northwest of helgen with a bandit hideout underground . gem is in a storeroom before the ' boss ' . now there are also mods that place map markers for them : http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=13274 http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=9385
disabling elective mode should disable you from moving them off .
there are different magnitudes of identically named effects so a level range of affixes does not make the most sense , since the " level " of the affix can vary , and it is much more important what it appears on . if you want to know the individual tiers in addition to which affixes appear on what , check this link here . i have listed the affixes below , by slot . i.e. , all affixes in the weapon slot can appear on any weapon , but crossbow affixes can not appear on swords or daggers . affixes increase in magnitude from left to right . e.g. low/medium/high/ultra some affixes are different magnitudes when they appear on different item classes . these are listed as ( tier i ) , ( tier ii ) , or ( tier iii ) , with tier i being the best , and tier iii being the ( relative ) worst . for instance , reflect damage can show up on any piece of armor as tier ii , but on a shield , it might also be tier i . the exact difference between the tiers depends on the affix in question . again , see the link above for the full story . finally , note that even items elligible for tier i may roll a lower tier if the random numbers are poor . the original source from this is the brady games strategy guide , so it may still be incomplete . ( this list is from the brady games strategy guide , and may be incomplete ) armor + armor ( tier ii ) - of the fortress / of the castle +% experience per kill - adventuring / clever / restless / savvy +% gold find ( tier ii ) - lucky / glittering / prosperous + gold pickup radius ( tier ii ) - gathering / greedy / miserly / avaricious health globe bonus - mending / invigorating / renewing / euphoric + life regen per second ( tier ii ) - reptillian / salubrious / undying / immortal +% magic find ( tier ii ) - scouting / ransacking / seeking reflect damage ( tier ii ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors + strength ( tier ii ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier ii ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier ii ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier ii ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory + strength and dexterity ( tier ii ) - cruel / severe / vicious / murderous + strength and intelligence ( tier ii ) - dueling / champion / triumphant / paragon + strength and vitality ( tier ii ) - dauntless / relentless / vigorous / ruthless + dexterity and intelligence ( tier ii ) - true / steadfast / worthy / marvelous + dexterity and vitality ( tier ii ) - feral / wild / potent / valiant + intelligence and vitality ( tier ii ) - proud / vaunted / glorious / illustrious amulet + armor ( tier i ) - of the fortress / of the castle % blind on hit ( tier i ) - dazzling / bewildering / perplexing / hypnotic +% chance to block ( tier ii ) - of the tortoise / of deflection / of interception / of invulnerability +% critical hit chance ( tier i ) - iron / sawtooth / lacerating / flaying +% critical hit damage ( tier i ) - brutal / wicked / deadly / merciless +% gold find ( tier i ) - lucky / glittering / prosperous + gold pickup radius ( tier i ) - gathering / greedy / miserly / avaricious health globe bonus - mending / invigorating / renewing / euphoric +% increased attack speed ( tier ii ) - keen / raiding / assailing / vanquishing x life on hit ( tier i ) - of the leech / of carnage / of gore / of mangling x life on kill ( tier i ) - of slaughter/ of mutilation/ of extermination + life regen per second ( tier i ) - reptillian / salubrious / undying / immortal +% magic find ( tier i ) - scouting / ransacking / seeking +% maximum damage ( tier i ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier i ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier iii ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death +% maximum life ( tier i ) - rugged / stalwart reflect damage ( tier i ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors resist physical - hardened / hermetic / untouchable resist lightning - silent / tranquil / stable resist fire - seared / charred / scorched resist poison - pure / untarnished / pristine resist cold - nomadic / sheltering / thawing resist all - spectral / chromatic + strength ( tier i ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier i ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier i ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier i ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory + strength and dexterity ( tier i ) - cruel / severe / vicious / murderous + strength and intelligence ( tier i ) - dueling / champion / triumphant / paragon + strength and vitality ( tier i ) - dauntless / relentless / vigorous / ruthless + dexterity and intelligence ( tier i ) - true / steadfast / worthy / marvelous + dexterity and vitality ( tier i ) - feral / wild / potent / valiant + intelligence and vitality ( tier i ) - proud / vaunted / glorious / illustrious belt +% maximum life ( tier ii ) - rugged / stalwart % freeze on hit ( tier i ) - of ice / of hale / of the frozen sea / of desolation reflect damage ( tier i ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors + strength ( tier i ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier i ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier i ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier i ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory hammer of the ancients bonus - of demolition weapon throw bonus - of hurling rend bonus - of evisceration bash bonus - of bruising whirlwind bonus - of vertigo cleave bonus - of sundering revenge bonus - of vengeance frenzy bonus - of the maniac boots % immobilize on hit ( tier i ) - of stagnation / of impairment / of sabotage / of paralysis +% move speed - quick / nimble / sounding / swift / fleet bow +% maximum damage ( tier ii ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation bracers +% critical hit chance ( tier ii ) - iron / sawtooth / lacerating / flaying damage reduction vs . missiles - deflecting % knockback on hit ( tier i ) - battering / pummeling / smashing / pulverizing chest armor + armor ( tier i ) - of the fortress / of the castle damage reduction vs . melee - of the gladiator damage reduction vs . missiles - deflecting + life regen per second ( tier i ) - reptillian / salubrious / undying / immortal +% maximum life ( tier ii ) - rugged / stalwart reflect damage ( tier i ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors ceremonial knife +% maximum damage ( tier ii ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death +max mana - bewitching / conjuring / mesmerizing / unearthly +mana regen - infusing / replenishing / energizing / intensifying cloak +hatred regen - spiteful / bitter / hostile / vengeful +maximum discipline - steady / confident dagger +% maximum damage ( tier iii ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier iii ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death daibo +spirit regen - illuminating / reborn / awakening / enlightening sprit spent heals x - resonant / rejuvenating / harmonious / exalted fist weapon +spirit regen - illuminating / reborn / awakening / enlightening sprit spent heals x - resonant / rejuvenating / harmonious / exalted follower special +% critical hit damage ( tier i ) - brutal / wicked / deadly / merciless x life on hit ( tier i ) - of the leech / of carnage / of gore / of mangling x life on kill ( tier i ) - of slaughter/ of mutilation/ of extermination + life regen per second ( tier i ) - reptillian / salubrious / undying / immortal resist physical - hardened / hermetic / untouchable resist lightning - silent / tranquil / stable resist fire - seared / charred / scorched resist poison - pure / untarnished / pristine resist cold - nomadic / sheltering / thawing resist all - spectral / chromatic + strength ( tier i ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier i ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier i ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier i ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory + strength and dexterity ( tier i ) - cruel / severe / vicious / murderous + strength and intelligence ( tier i ) - dueling / champion / triumphant / paragon + strength and vitality ( tier i ) - dauntless / relentless / vigorous / ruthless + dexterity and intelligence ( tier i ) - true / steadfast / worthy / marvelous + dexterity and vitality ( tier i ) - feral / wild / potent / valiant + intelligence and vitality ( tier i ) - proud / vaunted / glorious / illustrious gloves +% critical hit chance ( tier i ) - iron / sawtooth / lacerating / flaying +% critical hit damage ( tier ii ) - brutal / wicked / deadly / merciless +% increased attack speed ( tier ii ) - keen / raiding / assailing / vanquishing % stun on hit ( tier i ) - of striking / of bane / of ruin / of devastation hand crossbow +% maximum damage ( tier iii ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier iii ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death +hatred regen - spiteful / bitter / hostile / vengeful +maximum discipline - steady / confident helm + armor ( tier i ) - of the fortress / of the castle +% critical hit chance ( tier ii ) - iron / sawtooth / lacerating / flaying +% maximum life ( tier ii ) - rugged / stalwart % fear on hit ( tier i ) - of fright / of nightmares / of horror / of terror jewelry +% experience per kill - adventuring / clever / restless / savvy mighty belt steal % life on hit - vampiric / fiendish / gruesome / exsanguinating + maximum fury - reckless / wrathful hammer of the ancients bonus - of demolition weapon throw bonus - of hurling rend bonus - of evisceration bash bonus - of bruising whirlwind bonus - of vertigo cleave bonus - of sundering revenge bonus - of vengeance frenzy bonus - of the maniac mojo +max mana - bewitching / conjuring / mesmerizing / unearthly +mana regen - infusing / replenishing / energizing / intensifying offhand % blind on hit ( tier ii ) - dazzling / bewildering / perplexing / hypnotic % chill on hit ( tier ii ) - chilling / sleek / glacial / hyperborean +% critical hit chance ( tier i ) - iron / sawtooth / lacerating / flaying +% experience per kill - adventuring / clever / restless / savvy % fear on hit ( tier ii ) - of fright / of nightmares / of horror / of terror % freeze on hit ( tier ii ) - of ice / of hale / of the frozen sea / of desolation +% gold find ( tier ii ) - lucky / glittering / prosperous + gold pickup radius ( tier ii ) - gathering / greedy / miserly / avaricious health globe bonus - mending / invigorating / renewing / euphoric % immobilize on hit ( tier ii ) - of stagnation / of impairment / of sabotage / of paralysis % knockback on hit ( tier ii ) - battering / pummeling / smashing / pulverizing + life regen per second ( tier ii ) - reptillian / salubrious / undying / immortal +% magic find ( tier ii ) - scouting / ransacking / seeking +% maximum life ( tier ii ) - rugged / stalwart reflect damage ( tier ii ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors % slow on hit ( tier ii ) - crippling / punishing / persecuting / dominating % stun on hit ( tier ii ) - of striking / of bane / of ruin / of devastation + strength ( tier ii ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier ii ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier ii ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier ii ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory + strength and dexterity ( tier ii ) - cruel / severe / vicious / murderous + strength and intelligence ( tier ii ) - dueling / champion / triumphant / paragon + strength and vitality ( tier ii ) - dauntless / relentless / vigorous / ruthless + dexterity and intelligence ( tier ii ) - true / steadfast / worthy / marvelous + dexterity and vitality ( tier ii ) - feral / wild / potent / valiant + intelligence and vitality ( tier ii ) - proud / vaunted / glorious / illustrious orb +maximum arcane power - sly / mental +arcane power on crit - foreboding / ominous pants + armor ( tier i ) - of the fortress / of the castle % slow on hit ( tier i ) - crippling / punishing / persecuting / dominating polearm +% maximum damage ( tier ii ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death overpower bonus - of conquest seismic slam bonus - of shattering quiver +hatred regen - spiteful / bitter / hostile / vengeful +maximum discipline - steady / confident ring + armor ( tier ii ) - of the fortress / of the castle +% critical hit chance ( tier ii ) - iron / sawtooth / lacerating / flaying +% critical hit damage ( tier ii ) - brutal / wicked / deadly / merciless +% gold find ( tier ii ) - lucky / glittering / prosperous + gold pickup radius ( tier ii ) - gathering / greedy / miserly / avaricious health globe bonus - mending / invigorating / renewing / euphoric +% increased attack speed ( tier ii ) - keen / raiding / assailing / vanquishing x life on hit ( tier ii ) - of the leech / of carnage / of gore / of mangling x life on kill ( tier ii ) - of slaughter/ of mutilation/ of extermination + life regen per second ( tier ii ) - reptillian / salubrious / undying / immortal +% magic find ( tier ii ) - scouting / ransacking / seeking +% maximum damage ( tier i ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier i ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier i ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death +% maximum life ( tier ii ) - rugged / stalwart reflect damage ( tier ii ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors resist physical - hardened / hermetic / untouchable resist lightning - silent / tranquil / stable resist fire - seared / charred / scorched resist poison - pure / untarnished / pristine resist cold - nomadic / sheltering / thawing resist all - spectral / chromatic + strength ( tier ii ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier ii ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier ii ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier ii ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory + strength and dexterity ( tier ii ) - cruel / severe / vicious / murderous + strength and intelligence ( tier ii ) - dueling / champion / triumphant / paragon + strength and vitality ( tier ii ) - dauntless / relentless / vigorous / ruthless + dexterity and intelligence ( tier ii ) - true / steadfast / worthy / marvelous + dexterity and vitality ( tier ii ) - feral / wild / potent / valiant + intelligence and vitality ( tier ii ) - proud / vaunted / glorious / illustrious shield + armor ( tier i ) - of the fortress / of the castle +% chance to block ( tier ii ) - of the tortoise / of deflection / of interception / of invulnerability damage reduction vs . melee - of the gladiator +% maximum life ( tier i ) - rugged / stalwart reflect damage ( tier ii ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors resist physical - hardened / hermetic / untouchable resist lightning - silent / tranquil / stable resist fire - seared / charred / scorched resist poison - pure / untarnished / pristine resist cold - nomadic / sheltering / thawing resist all - spectral / chromatic overpower bonus - of conquest seismic slam bonus - of shattering shoulder armor % chill on hit ( tier i ) - chilling / sleek / glacial / hyperborean +% maximum life ( tier ii ) - rugged / stalwart reflect damage ( tier ii ) - of thorns / of barbs / of spikes / of razors + strength ( tier i ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier i ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier i ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier i ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory spear +% maximum damage ( tier ii ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier i ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death spirit stone +spirit regen - illuminating / reborn / awakening / enlightening sprit spent heals x - resonant / rejuvenating / harmonious / exalted templar relic + armor ( tier i ) - of the fortress / of the castle +% chance to block ( tier ii ) - of the tortoise / of deflection / of interception / of invulnerability voodoo mask +max mana - bewitching / conjuring / mesmerizing / unearthly +mana regen - infusing / replenishing / energizing / intensifying wand +% maximum damage ( tier ii ) - of maiming / of strife / of doom +% minimum damage ( tier ii ) - of destruction/ of severing/ of devastation +% maximum and minimum damage ( tier i ) - of wounding / of agony / of malice / of death +maximum arcane power - sly / mental +arcane power on crit - foreboding / ominous weapon , one-hand % blind on hit ( tier ii ) - dazzling / bewildering / perplexing / hypnotic % chill on hit ( tier ii ) - chilling / sleek / glacial / hyperborean % fear on hit ( tier ii ) - of fright / of nightmares / of horror / of terror % freeze on hit ( tier ii ) - of ice / of hale / of the frozen sea / of desolation % immobilize on hit ( tier ii ) - of stagnation / of impairment / of sabotage / of paralysis % knockback on hit ( tier ii ) - battering / pummeling / smashing / pulverizing % slow on hit ( tier ii ) - crippling / punishing / persecuting / dominating % stun on hit ( tier ii ) - of striking / of bane / of ruin / of devastation weapon , two-hand % blind on hit ( tier i ) - dazzling / bewildering / perplexing / hypnotic % chill on hit ( tier i ) - chilling / sleek / glacial / hyperborean % fear on hit ( tier i ) - of fright / of nightmares / of horror / of terror % freeze on hit ( tier i ) - of ice / of hale / of the frozen sea / of desolation % immobilize on hit ( tier i ) - of stagnation / of impairment / of sabotage / of paralysis % knockback on hit ( tier i ) - battering / pummeling / smashing / pulverizing % slow on hit ( tier i ) - crippling / punishing / persecuting / dominating % stun on hit ( tier i ) - of striking / of bane / of ruin / of devastation overpower bonus - of conquest seismic slam bonus - of shattering weapon , mighty + maximum fury - reckless / wrathful weapon +% critical hit damage ( tier i ) - brutal / wicked / deadly / merciless +% experience per kill - adventuring / clever / restless / savvy +% increased attack speed ( tier i ) - keen / raiding / assailing / vanquishing x life on hit ( tier i ) - of the leech / of carnage / of gore / of mangling x life on kill ( tier i ) - of slaughter/ of mutilation/ of extermination steal % life on hit - vampiric / fiendish / gruesome / exsanguinating % more damage - ferocious / savage / grim + strength ( tier i ) - of the lion / of invasion / of assault + dexterity ( tier i ) - of the hawk / of cruelty / of pain + intelligence ( tier i ) - of focus / of the mind / of omens / of far sight + vitality ( tier i ) - of the bear / of fortitude / of valor / of glory + strength and dexterity ( tier i ) - cruel / severe / vicious / murderous + strength and intelligence ( tier i ) - dueling / champion / triumphant / paragon + strength and vitality ( tier i ) - dauntless / relentless / vigorous / ruthless + dexterity and intelligence ( tier i ) - true / steadfast / worthy / marvelous + dexterity and vitality ( tier i ) - feral / wild / potent / valiant + intelligence and vitality ( tier i ) - proud / vaunted / glorious / illustrious wizard hat +maximum arcane power - sly / mental +arcane power on crit - foreboding / ominous
as of the 1.03 patch , magic find only affects the drops when a monster dies . it has no effect on chests , barrels , or other containers . i do not yet have enough mf gear to test it properly , but information is nevertheless from personal experience , from the existence of the treasure shrine , and from blizzard comments such as the one quoted in this q and a session , in which they acknowledge that switching weapons right before a boss dies will make its dropped loot better , which is why there is no fast weapon-switch concept like there was in diablo ii .
some of these are opinion only , but here 's my take on it : has the speed of conquest been slowed down even further ? it takes longer to capture cities , if that is what you mean , but i think the hex-based , 1upt , ranged units , and the fact that a unit does not necessarily die at the end of each combat ( both sides can survive , for example ) makes civ v 's combat strictly superior . are wars any easier to end ( and avoid re-igniting ) diplomatically ? kinda speculative ; this is difficulty and ai leader personality dependent . are there still culture-related borders ? yes . is the ai as aggressive as the article seems to indicate , or is it possible to have stable diplomatic neighbours ? again , depends on leader + personality + difficulty level . stable diplomatic neighbors are possible , however . this one 's rather subjective , i am afraid : with regards to improvements , is this an xp to vista kind of upgrade , or vista to 7 ? by which i mean are they generally look driven , or core gameplay driven improvements ? personally , i would say windows xp to windows 7 . both looks and core gameplay .
with the addition of dungeon quests , random dungeon rewards and considering the group xp bonus for killing mobs , running dungeons back-to-back might be competitive with solo questing . you will want to make sure you have mop green gear or better first ( ilevel ~320 cata items probably will not be enough to take on mop dungeons ) . better gear = faster xp in the dungeon , unlike solo questing . the group xp bonus is : 3 people: 16.6% 4 people: 30% 5 people: 40%  this applies to mob kills and does not apply to quest rewards . mop ilevel starts at 372 , which is just below 4.3 justice point rewards .
for master , diamond , platinum , gold , silver , and bronze leagues , you will not be demoted for inactivity . ( inactive players are demoted out of grandmaster league . ) however , your league membership only lasts for a season . and , if you are inactive for a full season , then play in a later season , you are considered a " new player " for league purposes . edit : if you skip an entire season , your mmr will be reset . mmr persists from one season to the next for each game type as long as a seasonal placement match was played for that season . if a seasonal placement match was not played last season , then mmr and uncertainty are both reset to their default values and the system effectively " forgets " about that player . http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/battle.net_leagues#hidden_.22matchmaking_rating.22_.28mmr.29
only kessak the devourer bolts are +2 magical . nordom never has access to any other weapon that can touch the fiend in curst in carceri ( aka the fiend from moridor 's box , all grown up ) . the big bad fiend that can be occasionally be found in undersigil towards the end game is the same way . weapons that are less than +2 magical are completely ineffective . morte 's teeth are useless against this guy too . that fiend drops perhaps the best magic items in the game ( besides the modron cube and the portal lens ) .
when dual-wielding , you hit alternating with your main and your off-hand weapon , receiving a 15% attack speed bonus . so in the end , you will get half of that damage bonus if if you only have it on one of your weapons , but the full bonus if you have it on both or on any other accessory . but the end effect is that you get the average , as you also only hit with the average of your two weapons . so you should in general only dual-wield with weapons that are very similar in damage , or you will do less damage than you could with a sword and shield combination .
so far from what i have been reading online on other message boards and from what i have seen on bulbapedia , there is no such collector . you might find this thread on rare item collectors helpful :
according to the wiki , moxi will give you the weapon bad touch , a corrosive smg , after you have given her 10,000-20,000 dollars . the weapon good touch , an incendiary smg , will be given when you have tipped her 20,000-50,000 dollars . both weapons may have further additonal randomized values . these two guns are the only two things moxi will give you when tipping her . considering the amount of money you get from one gun , you can calculate the monetary gain ( or loss more likely ) . the amount you tip her is also cumulative within the same playthrough . after moxi has given you a gun you must leave sanctuary to be given another reward for tipping her , as continuing to give her money before you revisit the area will only result in you loosing money .
" overlord : raising hell" 's content is integrated in the main game 's content . so when you have both installed you can launch either one and you will get all integrated content . you can also finish the base game first ( make sure to keep your savegame and you will have to play the final boss again , the base game should also be installed ) and then install raising hell and go and play all new content . you will not be able to only play the content from raising hell .
( 1 ) wield a vladof rocket launcher . ( 2 ) fire it until the next shot is a free shot ( i.e. . will not cost ammo ) . ( 3 ) switch away from the vladof rocket launcher ( without using the inventory menu ) . ( 4 ) before the animation of pulling out the next weapon begins , change the vladof rocket launcher 's weapon slot position ( in the inventory menu ) . thenceforth , weapons will cost one less ammo to fire until you wield the vladof rocket launcher again . the glitch is also known as the vladof rocket launcher glitch for the obvious reason . supposedly , it is also possible to " stack " the effect at-will , so that even weapons that consume greater than one ammo per pull-of-the-trigger may have their ammo cost reduced to 0 as well . i have not been able to do this , however . if someone could add how to , with technical instruction , or confirm whether or not it is still doable on the current patch , it would be appreciated . i suspect that this glitch is doable with other weapons that have an identical effect . this seems to be a subset of what has been called the " weapon merge glitch " , because other glitches exist with identical methodology to apply the special effects of other weapons to other weapons . i confirm that following these steps with bane or morningstar causes effects of these weapons to be applied to other weapons wielded , at least bane 's firing sound effect and morningstar 's weapon-switch sound effect . which version of borderlands 2 am i confirming this on ? the bottom-right corner of my match browser/online games menu says , " version 1.8.3" . otherwise , " details " tab of the " properties " of my " borderlands2 . exe " file : " file version 1.0.29.41124" , " product version 1.0.29.827556" , and " date modified 2014-07-15 22:59" . update : professorbroman explains the glitch more in-depth here . he is a borderlands 2 speed-runner who uses glitches extensively , so i trust his theory . in summary , on the latest patches , the glitch cannot reduce ammo consumption by more than one , and other entities using vladof rocket launchers can unset the effect . update 2: while the agdq 2014 co-op speed-run demonstrates this being done as non-host , i was unable to perform this glitch as non-host on patch 1.8.3 . and professorbroman stated such .
100 lps is the highest amount the regular farm can produce . otherwise , the number can be infinite , depending on how many lolligators you have , but for the cost of candy .
buying the right item will show you giving the gift to your injured squadmate when you visit . for ashely it seems you want to get the tennyson , and if you have kaiden , get the whiskey . this thread indicates that you will give them during the conversation if you purchase them .
click this link for the full changes : call of duty wiki
there is a difficulty slider you can adjust pre-game which affects the number of points that are awarded per kill . the slider goes from 0% - 100%: the slider level determines the percentage of points that are awarded . from this thread where the question is noted ( albeit mistyped ) : ran 2 games on barricade warehouse for 5 mins . one at 100% difficulty and the other at 50% ( default ) at 100% i scored 21.5 million at 50% i scored 14.1 million both i had auto xp as first perk . hope this helps ! edit : okay , so , again from the steam forums : i can probably guess what caused that : the tweaking of the difficulty level and the amount of xp you get per kill . when nation red was released a lot of players said it was too easy to collect perks : the difficulty level was then increased ( apart from new perks , bosses , weapons , etc . which of course also affects scoring ) so it became harder to beat existing scores . players felt nr became a bit too hard : the xp per kill was increased . so what you are seeing is some scores achieved with an ' older ' version of the game and some with the current version . in the end the game is constantly evolving with new weapons , perks , player classes , etc . it is impossible to keep the scoring perfectly equal ( some new boss may be a bit harder than others , some new perk may be a bit too powerful , etc . ) resetting leaderboards is one fix but i have tried to resist doing this until no new perks/bosses/player classes/weapons , etc . are added . the next update will be a major one with 3-4 player coop and the final player classes . if a leaderboard reset is needed , that may be the best time . having said that , if you want to beat existing scores : you get a lot more xp playing on higher difficulty than lower you get more auto experience ( perk ) on higher than lower difficulty on higher difficulty , zombies spawn more often = more xp . so beating existing scores is very possible but maybe try not to investigate the exact playing times , etc . when comparing scores . hopefully this helps . : )
no , the kinect is not tied to any one console . however , the kinect in the console bundle does not have the independent power supply that a user with one of the " older style " consoles would need , so if you want to be responsible you should check that the person buying it from you has one of the slim/quiet/cheap shiny plastic models .
i think ( not 100% sure ) that you can get a lot of flawless square gems with help of one of your friends ( or multiboxing ) . a level 60 character should create a game . a level 70 character then joins . when level 70 character is in the game , level 60 character leaves . level 70 kills everything . the game level will stay at 60 as long as host will remain level 60 ( which will be the case because he will not get any levels ) . and as you said , flawless square gems stop dropping at level 61 , so try not to get any experience with that level 60 character for as long as possible .
firing the rpg and/or grenade launchers will cause you to show up on enemy radar . it does not make any difference whether or not a silencer is an option for a weapon . it is generally safe to assume that any primary or secondary weapon that does not have an equipped silencer will make you appear on enemy radar . the knife , on the other hand , is always considered silenced , and will never make you show up on enemy radar . throwing knives are also " always silenced " - as are all lethal/tactical devices .
a lot of people got this in the first nascar race in the special events . you can get in first , go the finish line and wait . when the second place car comes up , have it push you across the finish line .
the command is /namepet and capitalization does matter ( it needs to be all lower case ) even though its very hard to see it in the font the game uses .
look for a woman named saadia in the bannered mare tavern in whiterun , usually in a side room . she was cooking in the kitchen when i found her . if she is not there , make sure to wait some time . she is known to be outside and then come to the inn ( depending on hour ) .
no redstone , no minecarts . . . through 5 minutes of item testing i found that adult animals can fall through a 1x1 hole . there is one item ( maybe more , have not tested them all ) that works . here 's how you do it : on the floor of your breeding area , replace some of the floor with open trapdoors , with a room under it . p.s. closing the trapdoors allows you to expand your population of adult animals without have to force fully grown animals into the pen . edit : i took some pictures . once i figure out how to make youtube videos i might make an actual tutorial for this and many other of my creations . another edit : i spent another 2 hours thinking how to make the kill machine better . i rewired it so you hit a button to get the cooked meat . after i wire it to have a button for raw meat instead of a switch i might post a new picture .
completing bonus objectives contributes to the compl33tionist challenge , which in turn gives you badass ranks . there are five levels to this challenge , similar to most other challenges :
on the body of the person you mentioned , there should've been a book that mentioned folgunthur . that is where you need to go to get the ivory claw : you can find it near solitude . once inside , you will find a dead adventurer who has the claw on his person .
dual-wielding damage is calculated on an ' alternating swings ' basis , so the net dps is based on the sum of the weapon damages divided by the sum of their swing-times . this is always a dps loss except when both weapons have the same individual dps . the only ' perk ' dual-wielding gives you is a 15% increase to attack speed . however , because 2-handed dps is usually higher ( and often much higher ) , that 15% speed boost is usually not worth it compared to either using a heavy-hitting 2h weapon or a 1h+shield combo . the dual-wield situation is even weirder for demon-hunters . quivers come with at least a 10% attack speed boost , and can be used in the offhand slot even with a 2h weapon , so the case dual-wielding is even weaker . it is a shame that diablo3 's implementation of dual-wielding is ( currently ) so underwhelming , and i would actually be surprised if blizzard did not tweak it . . . you know . . . ' soon ' .
yes , the level of light that you are currently standing in affects how easily you are spotted while sneaking . see the wiki entry on sneaking for more information . as for how much it affects you , it only comes into play for visual identification , so you can sneak up on someone in pure daylight if you are approaching silently from behind , but they will be able to spot you from much further away if they are looking at you .
there are only 2 sidequests or " events " as they are called officially . these events can only occur in normal and custom games , since they have a too big impact on ranked . the first one is as you said " the hunt is on ! " ( rengar + kha'zix ) the second one is " the battle for freljord " ( ashe , lissandra , sejuani ) there are however some sidequests in the battle tutorial . these include mostly objectives and jungling .
dreadnought 101 the main role of a dreadnought is to deal massive damage to big , almost-stationary targets , 99% of the time in pvp . its main advantage is in being the only non-supercap which can fit capital-sized weapons , and the only type of ships which can use the siege module ( turns you immobile , massive damage and defense boost , and you will not be able to shoot anything smaller or faster than a cosmic elephant ) . a dreadnought is invaluable in taking down poses , and give you the best damage per buck when it comes to damaging capitals and supercaps . ( even if the dreaded supercarriers ( motherships ) are extremely efficient in that regard with their fighter bombers , it is less cost-effective generally . ) in a ( good ) corp fleet , you will be called either for pos bashing or in a big enough skirmish where the enemy fields carriers . the most used capital is the carrier , and it is the most useful in a subcap engagement . you role will be to shot them down to cripple the enemy 's logistics ( and occasional fighter swarm ) . expect to be commanded by a separate target caller than subcaps , and in good fleets , you will also be told when to cycle your siege module . exotic roles there is not much use for dreadnoughts other than that . however you can always find interesting side uses . the dreadnought is one of the 2 only combat-oriented capitals which can get into a w-space system . ( the other being the carrier . ) that means it cannot run into a titan or a supercarrier there , which makes it significantly less easy to kill . w-based corps will generally use dreadnoughts as a way of preventing any hostile pos installation in " their " system . it is also one of the rare cases where the dreadnought can be used in pve . in class-5 and class-6 w-space systems , a dreadnought 's firepower is very appreciated to take down sleeper bss , providing someone paints and web them a bit . it is a better strategy than offensive carriers , as sleepers will frequently kill your expensive fighters . protip : do not forget the fuel for the jump drive and the siege module .
enemies will not attack your house unless you are in very close proximity . avoid loitering around the immediate surroundings of your house , if you need to visit it - fast travel there directly , if you want to visit a nearby location , fast travel to the house and if the coast is clear walk to your destination . when you arrive at the house , use detect life and detect death to identify hostiles and kill them as fast as you can .
bear in mind that temple run 2 is a ' free to play ' title - they make their money from people buying in-game items , so there are lots of ways to burn through coins and gems . in this case you can ' gem-power ' a power up so that the next time you use it you get more from the power . 1 gem gives you 1 boosted power up use , 2 gems gives you 2 and so on . if you are going for a long score run you might cash in 5 gems so that you can use the boosted power 5 times . to be honest , for the amount you get back it is a waste of gems .
no , not anymore . previously , section 5 of the ea read ( emphasis mine ) : 5 . content and entitlement availability entitlements may only be held in accounts belonging to legal residents of countries where access to and use of content and entitlements is permitted . entitlements may be purchased or acquired only from ea or an authorized retailer . ea reserves the right to refuse your request ( s ) to acquire entitlements , and ea reserves the right to limit or block any request to acquire entitlements for any reason . we do not guarantee that any content or entitlement will be available at all times or at any given time or that we will continue to offer particular content or entitlements for any particular length of time . we reserve the right to change and update content and entitlements without notice to you . if you have not used your entitlements or account for twenty four ( 24 ) months or more and your account has associated entitlements , your entitlements will expire and your account may be cancelled for non-use . once you have redeemed your entitlements , that content is not returnable , exchangeable , or refundable for other entitlements or for cash , or other goods or services . however , the version last changed on september 4 , 2012 reads : 5 . ea services , content and entitlement availability entitlements may only be held in accounts belonging to legal residents of countries where access to and use of content and entitlements is permitted . entitlements may be purchased or acquired only from ea or an authorized retailer . ea reserves the right to refuse your request ( s ) to acquire entitlements , and ea reserves the right to limit or block any request to acquire entitlements for any reason . we do not guarantee that any content or entitlement will be available at all times , in all countries and/or geographic locations , or at any given time or that we will continue to offer particular content or entitlements for any particular length of time . we reserve the right to change and update content and entitlements without notice to you . once you have redeemed your entitlements , that content is not returnable , exchangeable , or refundable for other entitlements or for cash , or other goods or services . in addition , ea claimed that this provision was designed to guard against creation of non-active accounts for inappropriate reasons .
you can put as many spirit cubes on your weapon up to the customization limit ( so be careful about loading up on simple cubes ) . all of the spirits can be put on a weapon and all effects will be achieved . you can have a fire ice weapon that deals extra damage and slows . you can only put spirits of the power level or slightly lower . with 1 unholy spirit cube on my crossbow , i got additional . 1hp back per hit every 20th combo ( so 200 combo is 1hp per hit ) . with 2 , this effect doubled . i havent been able to test more because usable spirit cubes are a bit rare . http://www.cubeworldwiki.net/index.php/spirit
nope . . . the only time you control another is in me2 , when you have to control joker . it is like the opening for dead space 2 .
no , dungeons do not count for world completion , nor do the exploration achievements ( for discovering every area on the map ) . the only think you need to complete are all the pve zones , and the 4 pvp zones -- yes , even though 3 of those zones are the same , you need to do them all . once you have done this , you can register your completion ( and earn your gifts of exploration ) by visiting the chantry of secrets in bloodtide coast .
they are very similar games , only the difficulty is much higher on x-com 2 . if you are interested in the plot that is revealed through researching things , you will miss some things by skipping right to number 2 , so i would definitely suggest starting with the original .
the guy who did the voice acting is james harper , he plays the character " arcturus mengsk " .
the drawings on the walls were done by the rat man ( real name doug rattmann ) , a schizophrenic former employee of aperture science . he was convinced glados would continue to try to kill aperture employees if switched on , and so took precautions when glados was ' fixed ' and reactivated , thereby surviving glados flooding the enrichment centre with a deadly neurotoxin . he manipulated the order glados chose test subjects to put chell first , as aperture/glados had identified her as being abnormally tenacious and thus unsuitable for testing ( hence the bell curve ) ; his hope was that she had be more capable of frustrating glados than he was . the images you see around the portal gun are a retelling of the events in portal ; aperture turns glados on ; glados floods the enrichment centre with a deadly neurotoxin ; chell resists glados 's cakey temptation and destroys her , and is put into suspended animation . most of his handiwork is from after his pills ran out . not all of it is logical . edit : also , see acmshar 's answer for the significance of the equations the rat man 's scrawled on the walls .
i would say no because technically it is just a dice roll . look on the rolls tab from the chat window to see them . if there is some modificator it will appear .
the purpose of all items marked " treasure " is to be sold . keep in mind that the more you sell stuff , the less money you will get for it , but it does flat-line eventually . starting in chapter 2 , you will get access to another shop , which sells a small inventory . however , as you sell certain pieces of treasure , new items can be unlocked to purchase there . it does not matter whether you sell the items to aira or to this shop , both will contribute towards unlocking new items . note that all of these require specifically the kind of treasures dropped by enemies , rather than things such as golden idols .
after reaching level 10 your items will lose 10% of max durability with each death , items will also lose durability during combat , and not just by taking damage also by dealing it ( with every successful spell/attack ) , also just by attacking other parts of your gear will still suffer durability . note that durability is lost very slowly , probably increased with levels of gear/enemies . not sure why people say items do not suffer durability , i can not seem to find any durability changes in changelog also on diablo 3 forum someone confirmed durability loss ( 5 hours ago ) . it might be bugged or unbalanced but rest assured it will be implemented since durability system is very good way for players to spend their money and blizzard knows it .
a change for this was introduced with patch 1.02 today . the " physical damage " preferred stats option for rings has been renamed to " bonus minimum physical damage " the " all damage " preferred stats option for weapons and armor has been removed and replaced with bonuses of specific damage types you should now be able to search for bonus minimum physical damage to find those +damage rings , amulets , offhands , etc .
most items will despawn fairly quickly ( within minutes , upon leaving the map or when tons more stuff spawns elsewhere ) , except for quest items and rare loot ( green or better ) . green stuff definitely sticks around longer than white , but it does seem to eventually despawn when off-map . items of blue rarity and higher appear to either have unlimited or greatly extended lifespans , even when leaving a map . so you can definitely be confident that some of the rarer stuff will remain , but i am unsure if all of it will , as there is likely a despawn on green/rarer stuff as well so the game does not crash if you somehow piled up hundreds of them . this is all based on ( 300 hours of ) casual observation though , i am unsure of the exact specifics .
the pyro is known for high standard damage at short ranges , and ambush capabilities ( soup 's answer addresses your specific situation quite succinctly ) , but can do more than just spew fire in his/her general personal space , and can actually be pretty effective in long-range offense . however , while the game therefore categorizes him/her as an offensive class — and most players do choose pyro for the frontlines — he/she makes an equally useful defensive or utility class . ( this is not as much a secret to the pyro class per se , as just a trait of his/hers that is not known to many players as a consequence of obsessively one-sided marketing . ) so whenever you are bored of popping up and lighting everything on fire , retreat and use some other tactics to continue keeping enemy forces at bay , and your team strong . my loadout these days is degreaser , flare gun and homewrecker . my answer leans a bit toward defensive strategies and a bunch of other pyro tactics , but i am aware that you are more into offense , so there are some useful things to know about offense as well . hopefully these tips will help you maximize your time as pyro and make your gameplay more interesting , because many people are still under the age-old impression that all the pyro does is run around burning stuff . they may not get you a lot more kills , but hey , this is not solo fortress , right ? spychecking pyros are also renowned as the best class for spychecking . see ( or set ) someone glowing the opposite team color on fire ? it is either an enemy or a cloaked/disguised spy . unfortunately i am not the perfect spychecker , but i think i will pass . i just happen to play against good spies who completely avoid the spots where i check , time their dead ringers very accurately , and are excellent quickstabbers . i optimized my loadout for spychecking . the degreaser speeds up weapon switching , the flare gun ignites and crits easily ( good for their low health ) , and the homewrecker removes sappers in a single hit with free points to boot . while you are dedicating yourself to a particular area on the map , check every nook and cranny . sweep fire and shoot flares just about anywhere that is not a wall or object ; you never know if a spy could be there . and then check open areas , as some clever spies may stand out in the open to avoid pyros who only look at corners . amid all this , though , remember that you are just one person , so it is ok if you are checking one area constantly when a spy suddenly starts picking off teammates in another . of course , you ought to move to that other area immediately if the spy is there , but that is beside the point . if you see someone suspicious approaching buildings or teammates , try to blow them back with airblast . . . unless you are standing or walking behind him of course . if he gets thrown back by it , then fire at will . pun or not . by the way . . . if you keep getting stabbed by a good spy , my friend who mains as spy tells me this : it is not that you are a bad pyro , it is just that that is a good spy . so do not sweat it , just do better next time , i guess . it happens to me a lot , so i know how frustrating that can get , and i am only just starting to learn to take it in my stride . compression blast ( aka airblast ) compression blast is pretty much the only reason why i main as pyro . it is the most versatile ability he/she has . if you see teammates on fire , go to them and blow the fire out . seriously . not only does doing so grant you free points ( 1 per person you blow out ) , you save their lives too , especially medics , who have slightly lower health than you . i have once earned 100 points in a single match from putting out fires alone because the other team kept sending w+m1s down unused tunnels to flank us . if your burning teammates are running away from you , probably to any available medkits , it helps to call out to them saying you are right behind them and to let you catch up . this is very helpful if you know they will not be able to reach a medkit before burning to death . additionally , with the hatless update , using the backburner no longer means you should only be attacking . if you are recharging at your base or engie nests , it is a good idea to keep some of that ammo for extinguishing your teammates and pushing übercharges away . other defensive uses of compression blast include point denial on capturing and defending objectives , as well as pushing stickies and übercharges away from your team . just make sure to push them outward , not inward . if they are near a ledge , shove them off it to render them useless . offensive airblast ( my favorite sport ) against rockets and grenades , on the other hand , is mostly about timing . about direction too , but more about timing , particularly with grenades and direct hits , because you are still more often trying to protect your teammates from them than trying to give them a taste of their own medicine . once you become really good at timing , you can take on huntsman snipers , level 3 sentry guns , soldiers with direct hits and kritzed medic-soldier/demo pairs on your own , and win . i do the latter two on a regular basis , and it is pretty satisfying ( examples 1 and 2 ) . remember that when you deflect critical shots , the self-damage is reduced . one thing you should note , though , is that you should never go up against kritzed demos using stickies . they will kill you as you can not change the affected team by deflecting them , unlike other projectiles . just run . compression blast is also useful versus level 3 sentries situated far away or high up . if an engineer is there , get its attention ; once it fires rockets , deflect them such that they point above or beside it , causing the splash damage to kill the engineer and allowing your teammates to finish it off — or you to do it , with more of its deflected rockets . for a list of everything the compression blast can deflect , see this answer . one last thing : while under the effects of a medic 's kritzkrieg , your airblast turns almost all projectiles critical , including sentry rockets and baseballs but with the exception of stickies . just something interesting to note , but i recommend that you tell your kritz medics to go with soldiers , heavies or demos instead . shotgun or flare gun ? i do not like my shotgun because my aiming with it is pretty bad — in fact , i do not recall ever killing anyone with a single critical shot . that is how bad i am . surprisingly , though , i am pretty good with my flares ; plus , since the hatless update , they serve me at least 75% of my critical kills . if you are more into close combat and your aim is good , you will definitely prefer the shotgun . its standard damage ranges can quickly kill many classes in a 6-shell clip , at a short enough range . it is also obviously better against enemy pyros , but when i encounter them i am usually shoving them aside with my airblast rather than embedding bullets in them . equip the flare gun for long-range combat . flares may take excruciatingly long to reload , but the nice thing is that they take long enough for you to switch to the degreaser to deflect oncoming projectiles , nifty for heckling soldiers and demos . plus , besides random crits , they also guarantee 90 standard critical damage on burning enemies , which is just barely half of the axtinguisher 's 195 . the shotgun only has random crits . the flare gun is very effective against engineers repairing their buildings , slow snipers and snipers who can not twitch-shot , stationary heavies and anyone you are busy holding in place with airblast . another benefit the flare gun has is with spychecking ( as above ) . the shotgun is terrible against cloaked/disguised spies from a medium distance , because it is difficult to track the damage . but the flare gun ? one shot to reveal them , another to kill . whichever secondary weapon you choose , the pyro 's taunt kill is one of the quickest , but not with as great a range as the heavy 's . axtinguisher or homewrecker ? the most commonly-used pyro melée weapons are the axtinguisher and the homewrecker , so i will cover those . the axtinguisher is a great offensive melée weapon . you probably already know the " puff-and-sting " technique ; if not , it is simply a matter of puffing someone to a wall or corner with airblast , then stinging them with the axtinguisher . in fact , that is pretty much what this weapon 's meant for . when i play offensive , most of my kills are from airblasts , flares or my axtinguisher . the homewrecker , though , is a lovely weapon of ( potentially mass ) building destruction . it can do away with mini-sentries in a single hit , and other buildings in two hits , unless wrangled or repaired . with it , engies will not be able to slow you down too much with mini-sentries . for regular sentry guns , make it a point to get the engies first , then focus on melting or bashing their toys . if you had like to pick up defensive pyro play someday , carry the homewrecker with you , and spend a good amount of time near your engineer nests . even if there are not any engineers in your team , it can be useful to have it around in case someone decides to help the team out with teleporters or sentries . when a spy appears and starts sabotaging your engineer nests , kill the spy first , then unsap the buildings one by one ( just like the versus-engineer strategy ) . or , if he starts swinging his knife or firing his revolver , you could unsap the sentry first and let it kill him for you . if he is on the other side of a teleporter , you should alert your teammates . be careful not to let him telefrag you if you are on the exit ! other tips general tips for combat , etc . while waiting in ambush behind walls and facing door openings , hold your secondary or melée weapon out so your flamethrower does not stick out and give your position away . with the degreaser 's faster weapon-switch bonus , the enemy has even less time to react to spotting you when they are not expecting anyone there . it is alright that the degreaser suffers from a slight afterburn nerf . you should not rely on afterburn to kill anyone but lite classes anyway , whichever primary weapon you use . spew as much fire as you can , and puff and sting them before they can get a chance to escape . even if they do slip away , either the shotgun or flare gun will easily bring them down . get good with circle-strafing and you can easily take out slow-turning heavies and sentry guns propped against one or no walls even without a medic buff , much less an übercharge , whether you use the flamethrower or the axtinguisher/homewrecker respectively . despite what people say about w+m1 , you can use it effectively with a surprise übercharge . even if you do not want to use w+m1 , you can go w+m2 instead , sending the enemy team in all directions to disorient them real bad . as an added bonus , if you have helpful teammates at all , they can follow the über and do the dirty work for the two of you . just do not confuse your folks too . if you encounter any soldiers , demos or level 3 sentries during your übercharge , try deflecting their projectiles toward their teammates or buildings to deal some collateral damage .
in the alchemy tree , the experimenter perk allows you to learn more of an ingredient 's effects . investing 3 skill perks in this perk , allows you to learn all 4 in a single tasing . once you know the effects of each ingredient , you mix and match the ingredients for your desired potion/poison effect .
i was initially emphasizing the fonts of key aspects of each method , but there are too many , so instead i will simply tell you what to look out for : source and cash per unit time . source means stuff like which activity or diversion , the difficulty level if it is an activity , or the vehicle and location if it is a barn-storm . these methods are aside from buying as many properties as possible to earn money over time passively , aside from buying that money dlc , aside from completing the missions that have bigger cash rewards , and certain other things . this video claims $10,000+ ( e . g . , $11,913 ) in three minutes with professor genki 's super ethical reality climax . let 's be generous and round : 12k/3 = 4k/minute . my record , with a partner , for cash is $24,907 , in medium serc . restart will take a little over 4 minutes and 20 seconds = 260 seconds . that is about $5,748 per minute , at best . deaths detract from time , for example . this video claims $40-80k per minute at the air-port . the barn storm lasts from 2:03 to 2:07 , earning $10,216 . it restarts at 2:22 . 22-3 = 19 seconds . $537.684211/second = $32261.0526/minute which is not as good as the title claims . caveat : their method is only available close to the end of the game because it requires a vehicle that you may not get , depending on your decision in the story . this video shows flying a plane at the air-port . i can not run its numbers well because it speeds up the video for the return pass , but it earns $5,108 per pass and takes a while to make a return pass ( longer than another method which earns more per pass , so calculation is not bothered with ) . this video shows flying a vtol jet at the air-port . starts at 0:17 , earns $5,108 per pass , and returns to the start after two passes at 0:58 . 58-17 = 41 seconds . $5,108*2/41 = $249.170732/second . this video shows camping luchadores in an apache helicopter . it earns respect at the same time as earning cash , but this easily earns lesser cash . thus , i do not want to bother to crunch its numbers . [ video demonstrating camping professor genki spawns ] even if i do find such a video again , factoring in the time that it takes to find professor genki can be from minutes to hours . hours ? there is a video series on youtube whose original premise is finding professor genki . it spans more than one video . do not believe assertions that professor genki spawns at a specific location ; he only spawns randomly anywhere . nevertheless , if the game throws you a golden bone and you stumble upon a professor genki respawn , this is hands-down the fastest way to make money at $300 000 per kill . recommendation : 2/5 , it is not a livelihood , more like a windfall . sad panda skyblazing can be glitched such that a roof-clearing bonus is repeatedly awarded . 0:46 enters , $408350 , 3:30 exits . the cash amount is modestly projected . 3:30-0:46 = 164 seconds . $2489.93902/second , $149396.341/minute , which is over 7 times arapice island barn-storming . downside : requires dlc and reproducibility . one commenter commented that it requires two players . i just recently learned about this , so i have not tested its reproducibility . upside : may be the fastest way to earn cash and may be fun to do with two players . helicopter barn-storming arapice island : 0:13 to 0:49 is a complete pair of passes , starting and ending at the same point , with the same velocity . these time values are based on the youtube player . 49-13 = 36 seconds . 2*$6,166 = $12,332 . $342.6/second ; $20553/minute ; $1233200/hour , sustainably . other benefits : with this method , you can pop on a podcast , and take it easy while still being efficient . the thompson is available as soon as you enter steelport . downside : it is easy to bump into the smoke-stacks accidentally .
for limited trials , next to the game 's name in your library will be something like this : [icon] [game] - [number] d the number next to the d is the remaining number of days you have left in the free play trial . in addition , there will also be a remaining time indicator on the game 's page in your library . if they are absent , then the game is yours .
parrying on lower levels works only when you are facing the enemy . the level 1 of the parrying ability from the training tree unlocks the ability to parry blows from all directions , not just the one you are facing . regardless of this , timing and sufficient vigor points are prerequisites for parrying .
much like those in your computer , optical drives spin at varying speeds based on the data they are trying to read . it does not mean much , and in general should happen more on startup and loading screens . if it gets to be too loud or disruptive , you always have the option to install games to your hard drive . note you will still need the disc in the drive , but it will attempt to read data from the hard drive instead of the disc , making it generally faster and quieter . i generally keep the game that i have been playing the most installed on my xbox and uninstall games i have not played in a while to keep space free . i appreciate the faster load times and quieter operation , but it is by no means required that you install games to your hard drive .
referring to inertia , this setting defines how much delay and resistance there is on moving the weapon . high weapon inertia results in sluggish , slightly delayed movement , while with a low setting the movement gets closer to instantaneous . both have their up- and downside , some of it may be considered " realism " and some can be about precision . largely , this is up to personal preference , but obviously a low inertia setting gives you direct control where a high setting would not .
the eridium totems/furnaces/ovens are used to spawn dexiduous the invincible the hidden raid boss of sir hammerlock 's dlc . from the wiki : once all totems have been activated , the final step is to throw the lever located just west of the lodge . the lever requires no additional cost to activate , and once pulled , will begin to spawn waves of increasingly difficult savages . the final wave consists of two super badass witch doctors and several badass savages , and once they are killed , dexiduous the invincible will rise from the lake south of the switch . so it sounds like it costs just under 100 eridium to activate them all ( though if you have party members you can split the cost ) . it seems the " active " state of the ovens spans across play sessions too , if you save and quit the same totems are active/inactive ( i think i noticed this , can anyone confirm ? ) . once all four are activated a switch can be pulled to spawn several waves of savages to fight , then , after killing them , you will spawn dexiduous the invincible . i am thinking you will be able to try to kill him as many times as you want until you either kill him or end the play session , unlike hyperious and master gee , but i have not tried yet .
a big thank you to avelarius on the do not starve forum for finding the location . http://forums.kleientertainment.com/showthread.php?10481-where-is-the-don-t-starve-save-file-located-on-linux /Users/username/AppData/Local/Google/Chrome/User Data/Profile 1/File System/001/p/01 is the place in windows . /home/username/.config/google-chrome/Default/File System/000/p/00 is the place in linux i am still having troubles with actually getting the save to work though .
well , there are monsters with an incredibly low spawn rate . one example is the soul jelly , seen here on the spiral knights wiki . while it does not have unique drops as far as i can tell , it is drop rate and amount is generally higher . there are other examples , like the love puppy , seen here on the wiki . it has the chance to drop even rarer items , including various heart pendants . if you want to browse for more kinds of rare monsters , go to the spiral knights wiki and search for the monsters page . it lists all of the monster families , and if you scroll down to the bottom of a monster family page , you will find notable examples of monsters in these families , including rare monsters and monsters removed from the game . rare monsters : soul jelly love puppy can drop health bonus trinkets rock jelly
no , it does not . skills only level when the game judges them to have been " usefully " employed ; in the case of spells , that means the spell must have had some noticeable effect . casting healing spells at full health does nothing , nor does casting damage spells into a wall or armor spells without entering combat . for leveling restoration , your best bet is to use the turn undead spell line , which gives skill increases very quickly . head to your favorite barrow and start sending the skeletons fleeing before you kill them . i would strongly caution against " boosting " non-damage skills in skyrim . you risk your character leveling up too rapidly without having the combat skills he needs to survive . these techniques are best employed to catch up support skills that have fallen behind .
you can avoid a " diplomatic incident " with the eldergleam tree by agreeing to escort the pilgrim who approaches you at the whiterun temple . bring him to the sanctuary , strike the tree roots ( not the trunk ) to climb the hill , and when you reach the trunk , he will be horrified that you are planning on cutting the tree and offer you an alternative solution .
one option is to use mcedit to load up the world you were playing in and move your character out of the lava . you will still die from the burning when you log back in , but your items will not fall in the lava , so you will be able to pick them back up . even better , as robotnik suggested , you could move yourself into water to put the fire out .
it is possible you picked the femur up and moved it accidentally . try scouring the island to see if that is the case . in the event that is not the issue , you have encountered a bug . quitting and reloading your save should reset the femur and you should be able to find it by the explosive barrels again .
it is easiest to create a new single player profile in the single-player menu above the campaign button . you can also delete the save-games for your chosen profile on the hard-drive . the save games with profiles should be located in the save folder in your game directory .
compiling personal experience and resources online , i have found the following combination of rewards : any two with non-bell : white weapon any two with bell at end : cash x3 bells : lots of cash x3 bandits : live grenade x3 7 's : random manufacturer character skin ( i.e. tediore , vladof , etc . ) x3 cherries : green weapon x3 legs : blue weapon or purple weapon x3 marcus : purple weapon x3 borderlands logo : orange weapon x3 eridium bar ( 1 ) : 4 eridium x3 eridium bars ( 2 ) : 8 eridium x3 eridium stack ( 3 ) : 16 eridium
you are falling into the trap of " what would be good right now . " this is a mistake when evaluating strategy . any choice at this stage will necessarily be too late as it requires a time and resource investment that can not be made instantly . instead i would suggest the following : void rays take a long time to build and represent a substantial vespene investment . this should allow you to produce as substantially larger army against a protoss player focusing solely on void rays . a small investment in defensive structures will keep off a small force of void rays , however any larger force of void rays is better handled by direct assault on the protoss base as you can produce a more cost effective force . bear in mind that a protoss player investing in a gas heavy strategy ( like void rays ) will have an excess of minerals . the result is that their defensive force will largely be made of zealots . take this into account . additionally , they are also very likely to expand as expansions are made out of minerals and provide excess gas very quickly . finally , i recommend better scouting . seeing an early second assimilator is a tell-tale sign of a void ray rush . a word to protoss players : a void ray rush is not a sustainable strategy , neither are mass void rays before you have a mothership out . however , void rays do complement a tier 1/1.5 force very nicely , especially armored units with high hp .
welcome , human . do you need something ? i assume you mean npc 's that are not vendors and do not give side-quests . the estherian npc 's are particularly useless , but there are npc 's in zeryphesh that will tell you to watch out for the basilisks in ossean wastes , and encourage you to find and explore the ship graveyard in the salt barrens for loot . whether you find these hints helpful or not is subjective , but after a first playthrough ( i.e. . after having seen everything at least once ) , they probably become fairly useless .
when you open the game - even before logging in - there is a " cinematics " button on the bottom-left . click that button to see a list of all the cinematics you have unlocked ; click a cinematic to watch it . if you finished normal and still have some missing cinematics , your " cinematics-unlocked file " may have been corrupted or removed ; see this battle .netdiscussion thread on an explanation on how to fix it .
a complete list with the maximum possible affixes on items is listed and updated at : http://diablo.incgamers.com/blog/comments/item-affix-quick-look-chart
no . however , as with chems , the durations stack , so if you read 2 mags at a time , they will last twice as long .
they will be hosted later in either their vod section or their vod archive . on the bridge chat lee has suggested this link , but i am unsure if the dallas videos will be there . . .
you need to go to select character from the main menu ( you can not be in a game when you do this ) , then select the character you want to play playthrough 1 with ( even if they are already " selected" ) . when you click them it will give you the option for " true vault hunter mode " ( playthrough 2/2.5 ) or playthrough 1 ( "normal mode " , afaik ) . just pick the first playthrough from that menu and hit continue , you will find yourself back in playthrough 1 exactly how it ended , all of your old missions intact and enemies at level 30 max . this is different from how borderlands 1 worked for this , but it takes away one extra menu every time you try to play the game so that is probably why it was moved .
there is an augmentation " weapon pre-igniter " that powers your weapons instantly when you come out of the jump . but even with this it is very hard to stop the teleporter . you need to either have sufficient firepower to bring down the shield and teleport station in one go . or have enough shield bypassing or enough emp firepower to be able to bring down the teleport station . you also need to keep it down the whole battle , if it is repaired for a short time it will probably instantly teleport boarders on board . ( this i think , i have not tested this ) . when i had a ship with the weapon pre-igniter , i never was able to stop the teleporter quick enough to prevent boarding from taking place . i have not tested this very extensively btw . taking out the teleport pad does prevent them from returning to their own ship , a blessing and a curse . ( they do not teleport away before you can get the exp . but on the other hand , you still have boarders on your ship ) the enemy can not teleport to a cloaked ship or retreat their troops from a cloaked ship . so you can use stealth weapons augmentation and cloaking to blast away the teleport pads of the enemy ship . and , the zoltan shield also prevents ships from teleporting boarders on board . ( events still work ) .
not sure what roach timing you are referring to . there are many possible timings , on one base , two bases , three-base roach max , etc . also , you have not specified if you are opening gateway first or forge fe . given that the metagame right now is for gateway openings , you should scout on 9 or 13 . if you see he is on a single base you drop 2 extra gateways and make a sentry and stalkers to handle the pressure . if it is a 2base roach all-in then you will know by the empty third base ( can be scouted with a probe , msc , hallucinated phx , etc . basically you just identify that the zerg is not droning and make extra gates or boost out immortals to handle the problem . if you forge fe it is harder . . . you need to make a bunch of cannons ( like 4 ) and boost out a few sentries to keep them from getting into your natural . may need to pull probes to keep the roaches from killing your cannons .
sneaking has a lot of parts to it , and yes , armor is one of them . light armor is easier to sneak in due to weight . it is also much faster to get the weightless perk in the light armor tree , which negates the affect of wearing light armor while sneaking . the light armor perk is called ' unhindered ' and is 3 perks deep , requiring 50 skill in light armor . heavy armor is obviously , heavy . this makes it have a very noticeable affect on the ability to sneak while wearing it . the perk for weightless is deeper in the heavy armor tree compared to light armor . the heavy armor perk is called ' conditioning ' and is 4 perks deep , and requires 70 skill in heavy armor . however , in the end , both will be able to be used without an affect on sneak , assuming you get the perks . i highly recommend you wear nothing ( or just a robe ) , and wear sneak necklace/rings/potions and cast muffle ( illusion spell ) if you are having trouble with a specific area to sneak past . just put your armor in the ' quick slots ' and switch it off when you need to sneak until you get the armor perk of your choice .
first , i would download the trial and make sure that you would enjoy the game . if you enjoy the trial here is what the base package gives you as well as what each expansion provides as of 2012-09-19 , the burning crusade and wrath of the lich king are no longer standalone expansions , but available free to all subscribers . as a result , all subscribers now own burning crusade and wrath even if they never purchased it . update : as of 2014 , cataclysm is also free for all subscribers . world of warcraft ( plus burning crusade ) : levels 1-70 content ( azeroth and outland ) , flying in outland , plus all other basic features rolled into the game since launch ( revamped talents , guild levels , etc ) wrath of the lich king : levels 68-80 content ( northrend ) , hero class ( death knight ) , flying in northrend , new profession : inscription cataclysm : levels 80-85 content ( azeroth ) , flying in azeroth ( note , you do not have to be 80+ to fly in azeroth , only own the expansion ) , archeology ( new profession ) mists of pandaria : levels 85-90 content ( pandaria ) , new class ( monk ) . all races are available to all players , even trial accounts .
there does not seem to be any official way . then again , modding the game by splaying open and modifying the internals of the . jar file was never really officially supported , either . the new launcher is , ultimately , part of a rather large series of changes to minecraft , including making mods actually something the game supports via the new resource pack stuff , but until that time , modding is a bit more awkward . however , there is still a way to do it . go into the versions folder inside .minecraft , and copy the version you want to mod . rename the copied folder , and both the files inside , to some new name , say " modded 1 . blah " . lastly , open the . json file in a text editor , and change the line that will read something like "id": "1.6.1", so that the id matches the new name . the new launcher should now show a version " modded 1 . blah " in the list , but since that version does not exist on the minecraft servers , it will not get overwritten . splay open and tinker with the . jar file in there the same way you always would with the old launcher . note : if you are using the new launcher with an older version of minecraft , then the mods you are using may attempt to access files in the bin folder directly . if this is the case , you can simply create a folder named ' bin ' in the . minecraft folder where they are looking for it , and add the files the mod needs in there . the mod should find the files , and carry on as it used to , not knowing the difference .
that indicates the weapon has been marked as trash . if you go to a vendor and on the buy screen sell all trash ( delete on pc , left thumb stick on 360 ) , it would then sell this item and any others marked trash . note that left thumb stick will mark an item as trash on the 360 ( presumably on the ps3 as well , ditto for selling all trash ) but there is no hot key to do it on the pc ; you must use the mouse ( just hover over that side of the weapon and the the symbols will appear " greyed out" ) . above the " x " is a star you can click to mark an item as a favorite , though this purely cosmetic .
bob 's minecraft tutorial , linked by billy oneal , is a useful resource , but i will try to put the basics into words . how is it possible for the torches to work as both input and output to a circuit ? is there a practical difference between torches on the ground and torches on the wall ? depending on where the torch is placed , neighboring blocks will be inputs or outputs , but each neighboring block is either an input or an output - no blocks are both . a torch on the ground ( in other words , on top of a block ) outputs power in the 4 cardinal directions , and also outputs power to any block in the air above it . that torch will only accept input from the level below it , so input wires must run straight into the block the torch is sitting on . to summarize , torches on the ground output to their level and input from the level below . a torch on a wall ( in other words , on the side of a block ) outputs power in only 3 directions ( it does not output back into the block it is mounted on ) . that torch will accept input from the top of the block it is mounted to , and from the other 3 sides of the block it is mounted to . in summary , torches on a wall output onto the ground and take input through the wall block . what if two torches are both acting as output to the same redstone-wire ? what if one torch is outputting positive/on/true to a redstone-wire but another is outputting negative/off/false to the same wire ? this has been answered elsewhere , but : if any power source hooked up to that wire is on , the wire will be lit up . how do i read the diagrams on the minecraftwiki page ? again , i will try to break down the basics : white squares are just air , nothing special yellow squares are blocks dark yellow squares are blocks a level below ( that is , they are an abbreviation for " white on this level , yellow below" ) grey squares are blocks on the current level with other items a level below white and yellow squares can then have these items on them : red lines are wires red circles are redstone torches ( which may be attached to the side of a block or sitting on one ) grey circles are levers small dark grey rectangles are pushbuttons large grey inset squares are pressure plates so , for example : a red line on a yellow background is a wire on a block a grey circle on a yellow background is a lever on a block a red line on a grey background is a block over a wire a grey circle on a grey background is a block over a lever within the mcredstonesim program you can change levels and see the wiring and such on each level of the circuit , but these extended types of blocks exist so that the whole circuit can be communicated with one set of symbols and no need to show diagrams per level .
the diplomacy summary that you get from clicking the scroll in the upper right will show you all the civs and city states at once , as well as what resources they have available , how much gold they have , and how much gold per turn they are making .
so before i start listing strategies i would like to talk a little bit about " rushes . " for reference a strategy which involves an all-in within 5 minutes usually is called a " rush . " in order to make as large an army as possible in a 5 minute window you are going to make some large economic ( and tech ) sacrifices . this leads to two major problems : if your rush fails you are at a huge disadvantage given the distance between your bases , there is a good chance your rush will fail . the distance between bases is sometimes called the " rush distance . " the reason this distance can be such an issue is because it gives your opponent time to prepare . since a rush is not going to be a extremely large force , this time can sometimes be enough for your opponent to build up a similar force . that said , i do not want to discourage you from putting early pressure on an opponent , as it can often lead to a sufficient advantage and allow you to set the pace of the match . to that end here are a couple early pressure strategies which should not leave you at too much of a disadvantage : protoss the classic 2 gate rush is an example of an early rush strategy which does not make too many sacrifices to place early pressure on the enemy . a two gate strategy is designed around gateways on 12 and 14 ( probes ) before adding on a second pylon . this means you can chrono boost out 5 zealots very easily . its easy to underestimate the strength of a zealot because its a tier 1 unit , but your average zealot has 150 combined hp/shield , 1 armor and can 3 shot a zergling . it is a very strong early unit . the real strength of a 2 gate ( as opposed to rushing a gateway on 10 probes ) is that it transitions nicely into an early expansion ( as you should have map control with your zealots ) or a 4 gate or 3 gate/robo strategy . this means you can make a significant dent in your opponent 's early economy without hurting your own too much . this should give you a nice advantage in the mid game ( or even if your early push fails ) . this is not an all-in strategy which , if it fails , will spell game over for you . terran strangely building as large a force as possible is not the most powerful force an early terran player can muster . instead , building strong early game units and backing them up with bunker play is far more powerful and effective . additionally , it has the benefit of being able to salvage the bunkers later if necessary . in this category there are a number of good builds based around baracks+techlab into early marauders ( or even marines ) + bunker . your biggest weakness with this early play is going to be losing out on scv production . start with 12 barracks , 13 gas , this will give you the basics for your early techlab . keep those 3 scvs on gas if you want to go reapers or marauders . if you are looking for more marine based play , skip the gas and get a second barracks . you should be getting oc on 15-16 , do not use the mule . since you are putting together an early rush , you will get more minerals out of boosting a supply depot . while a mule is more minerals in the long run , upgrading a supply depot saves you 100 minerals right away and an additional 60 that constitute the scvs mining time . when you do move out ( usually with your first marauder or 3 marines ) , bring at least 1 scv . you will use these to build/repair bunkers . note : currently you can repair a bunker from inside of it with an scv . its unclear if this is intended or will be patched later . there are a couple ways to use offensive bunkers . you can either try to slip them in while distracting with a reaper , you can place them at the natural ( to give you early map control ) , or you can place them at the entrance to his main ( which will allow you to advance ) . there are a couple things you need to worry about : building a bunker takes time bunkers are most effective if repaired keep your scvs alive . if they die you are screwed . the nice things about this rush is that it transitions nicely into 3 rax ( or 5 rax reapers ) and if it fails you can easily salvage your bunkers . zerg there are a couple of rush strategies for zerg , but many of them suffer from zerg 's weakness to choke points . that said , i have won many a game with early speedling pressure . standard speedling play usually means 13/14 pool , 13/14 gas , 16 queen . this means that zergling speed will finish right at the same time your first round of larva spawn . as a result you can put out a large number of very fast zerglings before your opponent has a chance to establish a standard build . this suffers from the fact that a wall can easily break a zergling advance . try to slip in if you can , if you can not target pylons and supply depots as they have the fewest hit points . alternately you can skip zergling speed and build a roach warren on 18 . this should allow you to push out 5 roaches quickly . similar to a 2 gate build , these early roaches are very powerful . after building your roaches , you can either get zergling speed or power more drones . if you are just looking for early pressure , the drones are a good decision , if you are looking for a stronger push , the zergling speed should allow zerglings to quickly reinforce your roaches . in either case you want to expand fairly quickly or you will not be able to keep up with unit production . additionally , the expansion will allow you to transition into mid-game easily , and leave you in a strong position .
yer , you are basically screwed :i . even though you do not have contact to the owner maybe try and get a friend to go online and get them to teleport you to the ground or get them to contact the owner , as only he will be able to fix this .
yes , items the a companion has on him ie . +exp will benefit yourself aswell as them .
nothing , once you have dedicated the minipet to your monument , you can trade , give away , or destroy the minipet with no consequences . your monument statue will always be there and count towards your account . it just can not be rededicated by anyone else . typically dedicated minipets are worth only 10-20% of the undedicated value because of this reason .
it depends entirely on your playing style . from personal experience , a well planned and experienced play through ( with abusing item world and invincible squares to power level at certain points ) may take me ~10-15 hours , but since this game is all about grinding , there is really no reason to complete the story that fast .
if he is on a mac , your friend should look for a pop-up window that says : " allow incoming connections " or something similar . he should hit the allow . this will allow people to connect to his lan world through hi s firewall/protection . it took me forever to find this because i always full screened my game . making it impossible to see .
i have successfully used an app called ds3 tool to use a ps3 controller on windows 7 64 bit . i did do it by cable though , it does also apparently work with bluetooth . it was a bit of a hassle to get setup , but once it worked allowed a lot of customization and worked very well . just follow the setup instructions closely .
each block is the equivalent of one meter . given that there is 1000 meters in 1 kilometers , you would have to build a track that spans 1000 blocks in one direction .
have you tried to change your config . ini file ? specifically the line " splashscreen=1" to " splashscreen=0" this fixed 99% of folks having the problem
it is really easy . so you have your vanilla mod , and you downloaded your mods , right ? first check that you have all the essential ( if mod requiers modloader you have to download that too ) . than what you need to do ist to go to your home directory , and from there go into the folder " library . from here go into application support and from here you should find the folder minecraft . just go then in the folder and you should see a minecraft . jar . right click it and open it with the unarchiver . you should see a folder with the minecraft name , and in it all the files ; you can rename the original minecraft . jar in something like minecraft . backup . jar just to keep it for emergencies . then add all the mods in the new folder you created , and when you are over remember to add . jar to the folder name ! hope that it works ; )
aside from the obvious class limitations , where the races differentiate the most is evasion and mobility , melee and heavy melee abilities , base health/shielding , and their racial passive . all racial passives have increased power/weapon damage and weight capacity bonuses for various weapon types , however , the ratios of these bonuses vary per passive . asari base health/barrier : 500/500 evasion and mobility : asari slide on biotic energy , which uses 10% of their barrier for each use . melee and heavy melee abilities : for their heavy melee , they unleash a pbaoe ( point blank area of effect ) biotic pulse ( similar to nova , except the charge up time is longer , as is standard with heavy melee attacks ) . unique passive : asari justicar drell base health/barrier : 500/250 evasion and mobility : drell do flips for evasion , during which they take 50% less damage . they also have 15% faster movement speed . melee and heavy melee abilities : they use martial arts for their regular melee attacks , but have the standard class-based heavy melee . unique passive : drell assassin humans base health/barrier ( or shielding ) : 500/500 evasion and mobility : humans can do a combat roll in any direction , both in and out of cover . melee and heavy melee abilities : standard unique passive : alliance training . humans are the only race that can get a weight decrease to all weapons . krogan base health/shielding : 750/1,000 evasion and mobility : krogan do not have an evasion mechanism and also move slower . unlike turians , they cannot roll from cover to cover . melee and heavy melee abilities : their regular melee is a headbutt , and they have a unique heavy melee ability , krogan charge , which lets them charge and swing their weapon , causing knockback and staggering . unique passives : krogan berserker and rage ( replaces fitness ) quarians base health/shielding : 500/600 evasion and mobility : quarians do a jump to the side as their strafing evade rather than a combat roll . melee and heavy melee abilities : standard unique passive : quarian defender salarians base health/shielding : 500/600 evasion and mobility : salarians do a jump to the side as their strafing evade , same as quarians . melee and heavy melee abilities : standard unique passive : salarian operative turians base health/shielding : 500/750 evasion and mobility : turians , like krogan , do not have any way to evade or strafe and move slower . however , they can roll from cover to cover . melee and heavy melee abilities : standard unique passive : turian veteran . they are the only class that can receive a bonus to weapon stability . the resurgence pack dlc added the geth and batarian races . you need to download it in order for the new races to show up in the store packs for you . batarians base health/shielding : 750/750 evasion and mobility : batarians have the same movement limitations as krogan . they do not have a way to evade or strafe , are unable to roll from cover to cover , and have a slightly slower overall movement speed . melee and heavy melee abilities : standard regular melee . they have a unique heavy melee which takes a long time to charge , but it pretty much pulverizes your target , doing massive damage , causing knockback and quite a bit of blood spatter . unique passive : batarian enforcer . batarians are the only race that can get a spare ammo capacity bonus as a passive . in addition , they can get a weight decrease to both sniper rifles and shotguns . geth base health/shielding : 250/750 evasion and mobility : geth do a strafing evade outside of cover similar to the quarians and salarians . like the krogan , they cannot roll from cover to cover . they get movement speed bonuses in their passive . melee and heavy melee abilities : standard regular melee . the geth heavy melee is a bit similar to the asari 's . it is a pbaoe pulse that uses your shields to power it ( again , similar to nova ) for as long as you hold down the heavy melee button or until your shields run out , whichever comes first . higher shields will let you do this longer , so in hunter mode , which costs you 50% of your shields , it will not last as long . unique passives : networked ai , advanced hardware ( replaces fitness ) , and hunter mode . geth can receive a weapon damage bonus to geth weapons , and like the batarians , can also receive a reduction in weapon weight for two types of weapons instead of one type , assault and sniper rifles . hunter mode , when active , lets you see through smoke and architecture , in order to locate enemies , who show up with red glowing auras . there is a 50% penalty to your shields while this ability is active .
we kinda/sorta covered this in a couple of questions , but neither seem clear enough to be duplicates : can you run an installed xbox 360 game off of usb flash drives now ? how do i partition my hdd for use on an xbox 360 ? the answer to your particular situation is " kind of . " you can certainly hook up a 1tb hard drive via usb 2.0 . the gotchas are : the xbox 360 does not support usb 3.0 the xbox 360 only allows for 32gb of useful storage per usb device to put that 32gb limit into perspective , downloaded games can range from 500mb to upwards of 5gb , depending on the game . you can also install games from disc onto the hard drive or external usb storage , and those tend to run around 6gb per disc installed , give or take . however , if you plan on using this terabyte drive exclusively for xbox 360 content , most of it is going to go to waste . it seems like microsoft 's intent with adding usb storage support was to replace the old xbox 360 " memory card " with the option for using a usb flash drive , as they hint at in the faq section of this help page . these issues may drive you to purchase an " internal " xbox 360 hard drive , which i believe uses sata ( instead of usb ) and is not limited to 32gb .
legendary materials are usually found as drops off super-unique monsters ( the ones with the purple names ) . demon skins can be found on the following monsters : axgore the cleaver ( phase beast ) : act iii , the core of arreat haxxor ( phase beast ) : act iii , tower of the damned level 1 khatun ( sky terror ) : act iv , gardens of hope tier 1 razorclaw ( sky terror ) : act iv , gardens of hope tier 2 ( spawns during the quest , the light of hope ) . because they drop off super-unique monsters , you will not be guaranteed a chance at the drop when you create a new game as the monster may not even spawn ! be sure to pay attention to bounties that target these monsters , as the bounty guarantees that the monster will spawn .
after some googling and checking a number of sources for confirmation , the host badges can be obtained from the same person visiting your town several times , or several people visiting you once . even some combination of the two , so long as the total visits is 50 ( for bronze . 200 for silver , 500 for gold ) . similarly , you can get the traveling badges by going to the same place over and over .
elemental attacks deal strictly around double damage compared to normal attacks of the same strength . so for example , on normal attacks with absolutely no equipment , you will deal maybe 9 damage to a caterpillar . with the wind crystal , you will deal 18-20 damage per hit . you can tell the enemy 's element based on the color of your targeting circle . however , keep in mind , the elemental crystals come with their own special benefits . for example , the wind crystal changes your combo into a 5-hit instead of a 3-hit , while the water crystal gives you a round-about spinattack when charged up ( hold the attack button ) . mastering the extra attacks is key and often gives you a greater advantage than pure stats do as their damage is not the same as a standard combo . as well , since you can only equip a certain number of each kind of equipment , elements give you even more damage on top of maxed attack equipment ( should you go all out ) . also keep in mind that elemental damage allows you to defeat skeletons and other special enemies using just your weapon , not requiring the use of actual spells .
this is certainly intentional . the last monster in a group of champions drops the most loot because that is your reward for defeating the entire group . you will always get a better roll when defeating the last one .
you cannot edit stuff like that in sp , however ; if you play jc:mp then you can program your server for the time to be frozen at all times . see here for more info : http://www.jc-mp.com/
i believe this is called a victory lap by blizzard .
the only thing that matters is making sure you do not get caught : to that end , you either need to make sure there are not any witnesses around or you need to " silence " them before they report you to the others . however , even this is not foolproof : occasionally , the victim of your theft will send hired thugs to kill you even if there were no witnesses . 1 lady justice may be blind , but she is got some great spidey sense . so stealing on the main road , when people are around , is a patently bad idea . stealing when people are not looking or when they are asleep would work better , but it is still not a guarantee . note 1: the hired thugs event is random and is not triggered by a value threshold either .
it turns out that gnomes start as citizens of kelethin , which includes being able to buy houses . ( found out by trying to buy one anyway . )
from doing research into this , i have determined the substitution jutsu the game refers to is where you teleport just as your opponent tries to hit you . Substitution Jutsu: Hit the L2 or R2 button just before you enemy hits you.  note : the link contains spoilers .
no , crouching has no effect on bullet spread . it is only use is reducing your hitbox and to help jump on ledges .
no answer seems to get the full picture , so let 's do a summary . items can be picked up . when you die , all the items in your inventory are dropped to the ground . items on the ground are destroyed by explosions ( creepers and tnt ) , lava and cactus . items sink . water streams also move items . items on the ground expire after a certain amount of time . items are affected by gravity and have no explosion resistance , health , etc . which other blocks/objects have . items placed in a chest are stored infinitely until removed , or until the chest is destroyed . the rules above then apply to the items dropped . chests cannot be destroyed by fire , lava , or water , but can be destroyed with explosions . the rules listed above do not apply if the chunk is unloaded . after you die , if you had any experience on you , you can retrieve a fraction of it .
according to segmentnext and gamefaqs , collecting all the feathers will unlock the kanien’keha:ka outfit in your manor . as well , you earn bragging rights and progress towards 100% completion of the game .
ah , i found my answer at the verrry bottom of the steam trading cards faq : do i get trading cards for completing achievements in game ? trading card drops are currently just tied to playtime within a game , independent of which achievements you are getting . we will definitely look into adding more rules for how cards are dropped in the future , but there are a few problems with in-game achievements that prevented us from using them right now . many games have achievements that are grindy or un-fun to get , and we want the act of getting game cards to be fun for all users in games . we also do not want to push users to cheat or use achievement-unlockers in games in order to get cards , since that devalues achievements and is not that fun either .
eureka ! in debug mode you can click anywhere on the minimap and instantly teleport there . fixed ! instructions for enabling debug mode : ( from http://dredmod.com/wiki/debug_mode ) using steam in your steam library , right click on dungeons of dredmor and select " properties " . on the general tab , press the " set launch options " button . in the dialog box , enter the text : -debug-flag press ok to close the start options . press close to close the properties window . the game will now launch in debug mode every time until you remove the -debug-flag from the launch options . using a shortcut in windows navigate to your dungeons of dredmor game folder using windows . inside this folder you will see the file " dungeons of dredmor . exe " . this is the game executable . right-click on the game exe and select " create shortcut " . this will create a shortcut icon named " shortcut to dungeons of dredmor . exe " in this same folder . right-click on the shortcut and choose " properties " . this will open the properties window and should select the shortcut tab . in the properties window on the shortcut tab you will see a box labeled " target " . it will contain the full path to game executable . if the path contains spaces ( e . g . , " c:\program files . . . " ) then the path will be surrounded in double quotes . these must be kept . click anywhere in the " target " text box and press the " end " key on your keyboard . this will move the cursor all the way to the end of the box . you could also use the arrow keys to achieve this . the cursor must be after the final double quote if there is one . with the cursor at the end of the box , press the spacebar key to add a space then type in : -debug-flag the target text box should now contain something like : " c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam\steamapps\common\dungeons of dredmor\dungeons of dredmor . exe " -debug-flag press the ok button in the properties window to save this change and close the window . any time you want to launch the game in debug mode you double click this shortcut rather than launching it the normal way . you can move the shortcut to anywhere on your computer , like the desktop or your start menu , and you can rename it if you had like .
so let 's get the obvious thing out of the way : yes . it is indeed very possible to destroy the two nexuses at the same " time . " that is because of how " time " works in computer games : discrete intervals that are by no means " tiniest amounts of a second " . this is how most game servers are written , due to the nature of modern computer networks being packet based ( that is , in bursts of bits as opposed to a continuous flow of data ) : this loop can be implemented in many ways &mdash ; especially the " update the world accordingly " part &mdash ; but the fact remains that this is a loop , and it only runs so many iterations every second . a typical performance targets here is 30 or 60 updates ( or ticks ) per second , or an update within 33 or 16 milliseconds ( that is short , but certainly not microseconds short ! ) . so long as the nexuses . . . nexi . . . final bases go down in the same tick , then they have gone down at the same " time . " example with made up numbers : what nexus died first here ? you can not tell . further complicating the matters here is network lag and compensation thereof . from the valve developer community comes this handy graph for the source engine : since packets take time to reach the clients , this means that the clients are playing in the past ( and the amount of time they do come in the past depends on their ping ) , and their user inputs come from even further back . as a result , the server might have to essentially " rewrite history " around them . in one player 's " user input tick 105" packet , you can claim to fire a bullet directly through another player 's skull . this other player 's " user input tick 105" packet arrives a few moment later , claiming he stepped to the right . whoops ! of course the server can not keep things in limbo for too long ; there is a grace time after which the server must finally update the world state once and for all , and if the second player 's packet arrives too late , then the shot will still count as a headshot . nitpickers ' corner . actually in this case , the source engine will award the headshot no matter what ; this is why heavies for example can kill you " through " walls . so , at the end of the day , it still is possible to have both nexuses go down at the same time . now , since the nexus can not move around , there is a bunch of optimizations that can or can not be done that muddle the waters significantly more . unfortunately , this logic is all on the server-side of riot 's ; unless a group of 10 players sufficiently close to their data centers can dedicate significant amount of time to science , there is little hope that we can figure out how league of legends actually resolves ties , as it is rather blindingly obvious that the game does not allow ties . no . it is blindingly obvious that you cannot draw a game . riot boasted that in january 2014 27 million players played league of legends daily . thus , the lower bound for the number of games played on the service daily is 2.7 million . nitpickers ' corner . depending on how you define " player " it is perhaps possible that some of the 27 million players will not actually play at all and just log in to check their profile page or the tribunal or whatever it is that lol players do . on the other hand many more will play more than one game . at any rate , i do not have a better number to work on . now , it is true that i cannot find any report about the possibility of drawing league of legends games on the internet . this discussion has happened already on the league of legends forums multiple times ( eu ne forums , eu w forums , na forums , . . . ) ; if some player did experience a draw , we would know about it . let 's guesstimate the odds : 1% of the lol games ends with both nexi being attacked at the same time . 0.001% of the lol games ends with both nexi being destroyed in the same tick . that means the number of draws that would happen every day is 2.7 million × 0.01 × 0.00001 ~= 3 . there would be 3 draws per day . the game as grown in popularity over time since 2009 , so let 's say that averages out to just 2 draw games per day . the game has been out for 1,768 days today , so that is 3,536 draws since ever . how come we know of no single draw , then ? if draws are so rare , they would make for an excellent youtube video at least , or for some interesting screenshots . " you will not believe how this league of legends game ended ! " so you can bet that people would post about them , write about them , upload videos of them . if nothing else , people would write about it in the threads that have come up earlier . additionally , videos like this would include lines about the game ending in a draw , together with all of the unusued lines , but they do not . the silence is deafening . so what ? the only rational explanation is that there can not be draws in league of legends and that the game server , somehow , resolves ties and awards victory to one and only one team . there are several ways in which this could happen , and we are unlikely to know which one is being used , everything else being equal : ties can be resolved always in favour of the same team ties can be resolved with a coin toss ties can be resolved to the team with more kills/gold/whatever ( although you then need to handle ties for this stat , too ) if i had to guess , i would agree with a variation on the team " favour team x over team y every time " , as it is the simplest solution to deal with a situation you clearly do not want or can not handle .
you can have multiple accounts that are all connected to one battle .netaccount . so you would log into battle .netwith your old account , and add a trial account to it , when you log into the game using the battle .netlauncher , you can then select which one you want to play with . if your old account has expired , it will probably be greyed out . the following screenshot indicates what this might look like . i happen to have 5 live accounts and 1 starter edition account . i do not pay for the starter edition account . if i wanted to transter characters from it to my unlocked accounts i would need to contact customer services .
you need to trade with the player , and enter the amount you want to give into the gold box . then everything will work as if you had do a normal trade .
there is indeed ! it is one of the gameplay options .
here are some things that i have verified through testing so far . to get the silent assassin bonus : agent 47 must have an assassination target . mission segments without a target cannot receive the silent assassin bonus . enemies can discover the corpses of your targets . agent 47 can subdue non-target enemies . collecting the evidence is not necessary . to get the silent assassin rating : ? ? ?
i am not sure about memory cards being region locked , but i can tell you that for the most part , saved games are . each game is given a unique id and these vary for the same game between release regions and even just editions in some cases . it is this unique id that the saved games are stamped with that associate them to that game . as far as one region game is consider , those saved files from another region are from a completely unrelated game .
although everyone has told you no , there is actually a incredibly simple way to be both a vampire and a werewolf : hircine 's ring , found in the quest ill met by moonlight . finish the quest and you will get the hircine 's ring , which allows werewolf transformations without giving you the immunity to all diseases . become a vampire , put on the ring , and beast form should appear in your powers menu ( under magic ) . you select it like a shout and you transform into a werewolf , but you are still a vampire and can drink blood and all that . additional info : http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/hircine%27s_ring_(skyrim)
he has a hidden stat , call it affection if you want . how high it is when you get him is determined by how much you payed him to join you . everytime you pay him in battle the stat goes up or down , depending on how much you give him . this stat greatly influences the odds of zanmato . i believe if the stat is too low it is not even possible for him to do zanmato , and when the stat is max and you give him more than a certain threshhold he has like 96% chance to do it . i am not sure about the exact numbers , but i will look it up now . i will edit this answer in a few minutes with the right numbers . edit : it turns out there is a lot more involved than i remembered . it is too much to post in here , but you can find it all in azure_edge 's guide under the chapter ' attack mathematics ' ( 2.03 ) .
from the amplitude studio forums it is stated that each system can keep worth of one turn of industry as overproduction . if you pass a turn with no construction on a system , it is production is hold as overproduction and can be used on the next turn . this can also happen if you queued a ship/improvement with no following task and it only required a part of the generated industry ( ex : produced 100 cost 80 , 20 industry is overproduction , reported on the next turn ) . as stated on the forum , overproduction is limited to one turn and does not stack . so if you had 20 of overproduction and wasted a turn , you would have 100 of overproduction which is the overproduction generated by the last turn . with automatons , you then have a special stack where overproduction is stored . this stack is capped at 5 times/turns the production of the system . when fully stacked , the overproduction standard mechanism become active again . this allow for a maximum of 6 times the industry production to be available on one turn . it is not stated , but i suspect the cap of 5 * industry is absolute and cannot be overpassed by the 5% interest rate . so , for our 100 industry system , the stored industry with no production will go : concerning the use of the industry , a total build queue worth less than 100 will not touch any stack ( though it is not clear whether the overproduction stack would be reset to 0 on the next turn or not ) . if you have a cost less or equal than 200 , you will use the system current turn production and deplete the overproduction stack . should you build more , you will begin depleting the automatons stacked industry . after 7 ( 6 with improvement ) turns of unused production , you can then build anything worth 800 industry in one turn ( 100 from turn + 100 from overproduction + 500 from stack ) . this order of consumption allow to keep the stack for as long as possible ( thus maximising it is defence potential ) . by nature i would say one needs to use the resource with the nearest expiration date ( i.e. . the overproduction from last turn that would be lost if unused this turn ) , therefore using only 100 industry would consume the overproduction and the production of this turn would become an overproduction for the next turn . unfortunately , i cannot confirm that is what happen . note : industry conversion negates any overproduction since it converts 4 industry to 1 science/dust . it would be interesting to know if this consume the automaton stack , but i doubt it .
if you are a part of the thieves guild then all of the fences you receive will have 4000 gold by the time you finish all the quests you need to actually become guild leader , not just finish the main thieves guild quest line . alternatively you can buy the speech perk " master trader " at 100 speech skill which will give every merchant an extra 1000 gold .
the ability to jump over the flagpole is a glitch . as per the super mario wiki , " in some levels , it is possible to jump over the flagpole . beyond the flag pole is nothing but an endless path . there is nothing to do ; all that can be done is wait for the timer to get to zero . this glitch was fixed in the snes version of the game . " source : http://www.mariowiki.com/list_of_glitches_in_super_mario_bros.#over_the_flagpole
i tested this in an empty server , with 1 other person . the spy will show up on the graph whether he is cloaked or not : apparently , using net_graph is illegal in the esl leagues for cs:go : update : cs:go rulechanges
confused me a lot when i played the game the first time , too . this just means , that you cannot aim better and any further aiming attempt will just reset to the first step . i think it was implemented as some kind of safety measure , so that you know when your cannot spend more aps on this shot . ( that you dont have to click 5 times again after reset on accident ) . there is no other effect on this yellow circle although i always was kind of superstitious that it " might " have an effect and tended to click to yellow rather than let it stay white . the manual and even the " official strategy guide " ( at least for vanilla ) were pretty unaccurate as they were released , it seems that there have been some last time balancing additions to the game that did not make it to the handbook and guide .
with the new launcher ( launcher version 1.2.5 ) , it is really easy to decide what version of minecraft you want to use . let 's say i am playing on a server that for some reason is still running minecraft beta 1.7.3 , for that old minecraft nostalgic feel . in the new launcher , you are going to want to select " new profile " . in this case , we want the " allow old beta " checked . normally , you will not want this , but in this random case , you will . normally , the dropdown will only show release versions ; if you want to be allowed to select an older or snapshot version , you will need to check the appropriate box . and if you want to change this version later , you can select " edit profile " and change it manually . note that if you have it set to " use latest version " , it will always use the latest release version ( or snapshot , if that option is selected ) .
if you are on pc , you can use the console command unlock to unlock the door . if you are playing on console , you are likely out of luck - reload to an earlier save or live with the broken quest . alternatively , you may be able to move the save to a pc and fix it there with the console .
just received one the other day for my 4-year-old , so just learning everything , but . . . you can enable parental controls and it appears to restrict access to a lot of functions . it will not hide the button completely , but unless your 3-year-old can figure out the 4 digit pin you choose , they will not be able to access that area . the parental controls options allow you to restrict access to other things like levels of games playable , pictochat , ds download play , the browser , the shop . i believe just by setting up parental controls , it automatically restricts access to certain system settings because they are not provided as part of the setup options . if you missed parental controls in the initial setup , go to settings , parental controls ( page 3 ) to start the setup .
if you want to make sure you got all the datacrons on a specific planet , look at the codex entry for that planet and then click on the magnifying glass . it shows your progress on that planet , including how many of the datacrons you have : as for the rewards from datacrons , it seems it is only stats boosts and matrix shards , but i can not say that for certain .
if you are getting a " level too low " indicator when attempting to copy a technique , this means that the character you are trying to copy from is a higher level than the character you are playing as . it is still possible to techcopy as a lower level player , but the chance of success is reduced because of it . in your case , basik is level 31 while wakka is level 30 so techcopying will be more difficult than if wakka tried to techcopy at an equal or higher level than basik .
vsync stands for vertical synchronization and is used to get rid of tearing in games . tearing happens when your gpu sends a new frame to your screen , while it is still displaying an older frame . vsync tries to mitigate the issue by only sending a new frame , when your screen has finished displaying the older frame .
perfect trees will only grow from perfect fruit in the town that they are native . if you give someone a bunch of perfect fruit from your town and they do not have that fruit natively , planting them will yield regular trees . to get anything else to yield a perfect tree , you need to use fertilizer on a sapling , but this has not been tested with non-native fruit anywhere i have seen . in short , if the perfect fruit is a fruit native to the town , planting it will always grow a perfect tree . the game does not ( and cannot ) differentiate between a bunch of fruit . otherwise you could not stack them . anything that is unique to you ( such as a signature sheet ) is not something you can drop , anyway .
you get this car in the deep inside mission for devlin , as trevor iirc . the car is located at the movie studio ( where michael previously took some guys in a helicopter ) . you have to beat up an actor , steal his clothes , then take the car back to mr weston 's garage . a guide for the mission , with video walk-through , can be found on ign .
the first time that forge runs it needs to download a bunch of code libraries that match your system . one of these is failing to download for some reason , and it is required for forge to run . i can download it in my browser though , so whatever is preventing forge from downloading it automatically is not preventing me from downloading it manually . so here 's how you may be able to fix it : download the library manually . ( that is the same link as in the error message in your question . ) this will download a file named scala-library-2.10.2.jar . save it somewhere where you can find it again . open your . minecraft folder , then navigate to libraries → org . inside the org folder , create the folder scala-lang . open the new scala-lang folder and create the folder scala-library inside it . open the new scala-library and create the folder 2.10.2 inside it . open the new 2.10.2 folder . find scala-library-2.10.2.jar wherever you saved it in step ( 1 ) , and put it inside 2.10.2 . now double-check that all the folders are named exactly as above , with no extra letters , and no spaces before or after each folder name . any errors will prevent the next step from working . fix any naming errors you find before moving on . run the launcher and start forge . when it gets to the point where it used to try downloading scala , it should find the library you just manually installed and keep going .
missile bot 's can´t be killed but they can be temporarily deactivated by melee attacks , some weapons , and it is own missile . the missile bot is a creature that can shoot homing missiles that kill you . it can be stopped by 2 punches , and certain projectiles ( such as grenades ) .
ilevel , or ilvl , is the item level - basically an internal variable that affects what sort of affixes and other properties the item can be generated with . extremely low ilvl items will have a very limited number of potential affixes they can use , while high-ilvl gear can be generated with powerful modifiers and sockets . details on ilvl , including how to check : http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/item_level list of item affixes : http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/affix
this is a bug ( link leads to internal bugtracker ) , due to a missing check for the space where the wall used to be . quoting from the bug report , there is a workaround : make building foundation . make another building foundation adjacent to it this will , correctly , remove one of the otherwise double walls . use foundation demolish to remove the interior wall . leaves unusable outside area inside . the work-around is to replace step 4 with : 4 . build concrete floor material along length of inside wall , which correctly labels the area as interior .
edit : ever since the first blood update , the behavior below is no longer applicable . now captains are no longer randomly assigned . instead , there is a button to allow anyone to make themselves the captain , first-clicked-first-served . == old answer == it is random based on the number of groups . what that means is , by grouping up as 4 and taking on one straggler , your group/captain has a 50% chance of being the drafter , and the solo guy has 50% . if you were to group as 3 and take on two other solos , it would be 33/33/33 , whereas if you caught a pair of partied players with your trio , it would be back to 50/50 . a pair and three solos would make 25/25/25/25 , and so on . . . long story short , unless you can live with this quirk in the cm system , i do suggest getting a fifth in your stack . otherwise , give random draft a try . it can be just as strategically interesting as cm .
you can report an issue about portal locations at ingress support page , press Contact Us then choose Report an issue with a portal . then , report your issue ; ) edit 03/12/2013 : as mentionned by @ilari kajaste in comment , this way send you back to the mobile client . to report a misplaced portal location , you will have to go to this portal ( or get a key of it ) and : click on the portal photo . then , click on the edit button select edit title , add/edit description or edit location enter the correct title or description , or when editing location , touch and drag the map until the marker is in the correct location . touch send to confirm your correction . wait for niantic to make a decision about your suggestion .
its pretty much just for using the space gun , which meteor armor makes cost 0 mana to shoot , plus as it counts as a magic attack the +15% magic attack bonus also applies . like you say , the defense it provides is fairly low - if you are using silver armor then i would say that loosing 3 defense might be worth it for the space gun ( never used it myself so i am not sure how good it is ) , however either way you will probably be getting the shadow armor fairly soon which offers a lot more defense , so you will not be wearing it for long . personally i would make a phaseblade , and possibly some meteor shot first , and then make the armor if you have any left over - meteorite ore is fairly abundant and is not really used for that much stuff , so sooner or later you will have enough to make some eventually anyway .
animals can drown but they follow the same rules as everything else but slimes and endermen and float in water . if you have an air block above the level of the water then they should be able to breath just fine .
gib is short for " giblets " - which are chunks of meat , or more specifically : the edible offal of a fowl , typically including the heart , gizzard , liver , and other visceral organs . this term was quite popular among the early id software games , doom and quake in particular , where a particularly damaging blow to an enemy or another player usually yielded a rain of unspecified meaty hunks , rather than an " intact " monster or player corpse . wikipedia has a longer definition along with a list of notable gaming gib implementations : the use of " gib " is reserved for instances when a game character has been killed with such force that their body is reduced to a slurry of flesh and blood . this article also credits adrian carmack , one of the founders of id software , with coining this term , although this statement is unsourced . as gibs are an integral part of the shooter experience , there are nearly as many examples and implementations as there are shooter games themselves . a few notable examples besides " classic " doom and quake gibs are things like : in fallout 3 , particularly explosive vats kills can yield some gruesome gibs in left4dead , zombies frequently explode or fall apart when shot . boomers even tend to gib themselves ! unreal tournament popularized " instagib " where any shot , regardless of power , will kill and gib an enemy player . tf2 has a " birthday party " mode where everyone explodes into presents , party hats , streamers , etc instead of chunks of meat . outside this mode , it is common to see a chunk of your former body pointed out in the killcam with an arrow and a message ( ie , " your spleen ! " ) pointing to it .
row means " rest of world " . many games are released in one region first , and then " rest of world " second . for example , when i look at that game on steam , it says " special promotion ! offer ends july 9th . " so my region will get the game first . a database view of the situation .
looking at the minecraft forum post for tinkers construct , and this is at the top of the post : metal parts , including iron , have to be made with metal casts and the smeltery . casts are crafted by pouring aluminum brass/gold on a tool part .
the global trust tends to use much more efficient buildings for resource acquisition and powering structures , but at a cost of having a detrimental effect to the environment . the most obvious one players will notice is the ability to mine iron and coal far more efficiently than the eden initiative . their buildings tend to take up more space however , and generate a significantly worse impact on the ecosystem . as your cities level up , you will find that not only can global trust generate much more in resources , they also tend to generate a lot more funds than the eden initiative ( they have casinos ) . you should decide carefully which pros and cons you feel better suited to playing with when deciding which faction to choose . eco-friendly , but weak in resources ? or industrious , but polluting ? either way you play it , both sides have their pros and cons to balance each other out . they can be equally as difficult to work with .
yes , they do . however , i believe it is only towards the " prestige " challenges , and not the ones under the assault strike package challenge menu . even though i never take the assault strike package , i have several levels of multiple killstreak rewards " prestige " challenges completed because of care packages i picked up that belonged to other players .
perhaps it is easier for you to provoke war against castille or whoever controls southern iberia . you can fabricate claims to any neighbouring province , including those who are separated by a single sea province . for example , if you control cadiz or granada , you should be able to fabricate a claim in morocco , or possibly trigger a holy war casus belli . another option is to abandon the morocco plans , and instead target the azores . that way , you might be able to colonize africa ( depending on your colonial range ) or make the jump to south america directly .
this is a question that no single person 's experience can answer for you , as we all have different play styles , play on different difficulty levels , and play on different platforms . these can all have a large impact on overall play time . a good answer will collect data from multiple sources and take an average . that is exactly what this page on howlongtobeat . com aims to do , and it also breaks it down by " just main game " , " main game plus side quests " , etc . the average is looking to be about 23 hours , with another 8 or so for the side quests .
the wall past the emancipation grid ( once you have gone through the door ) will accept portals . put one in there , get the cube and let the door close , and portal through .
this means that something on your network is blocking it from accessing the servers . after disconnecting from the work wifi connection , i could connect via lte with no issues .
hardcore is actually very similar to diablo ii , there are a few differences but dying is not one of them . death is still permanent . the main differences are : hardcore characters do not have access to the cash-money auction house . this is believed by most to an effort to limit the economic chaos that will result from folks botting the game to get money in the " softcore " mode . you have to reach level 10 with a regular character , before you can start a hardcore character . dead hardcore characters above level 10 can be " archived " to the " hall of fallen heroes " , where you can see a few stats about them . this action also removes them from the slots of your character selection screen . the video below does a good job of summarizing most of the effects of death as a hardcore character in diablo iii . behaviors returning from diablo ii hardcore players can only team with other hardcore players . your ghost is still able to chat after you die , but you will not ever be able to play the character again . hardcore characters have a red title that is unique from softcore players
as of patch 2.0.1 , the below answer is out of date . rare items no longer need to be identified . legendary items still do , though . just right click them to reveal which item you have discovered . just right click the item . a short cast bar animation will appear and you will identify the item yourself , no need to go anywhere . this is explained in-game by the small bar at the bottom of the tooltip , but its easy to miss .
contrary to all the answers on here , it is in fact possible to reset your progress in co-op . make sure you are the host ( you invited your friend , rather than you were invited by your friend ) . start a co-op game . make sure you are in the hub when doing this . warning : this applies to both players . make sure the other player is fine with you doing this . unfortunately , this does not work with ss_map . you have to be in a session with another player , and this will set both players ' progress . enable the developer console in the options , then press ~ to open it . if you are having trouble , see this question . then , enter the following command in the console : mp_mark_all_maps_incomplete  you might see a weird message about dlc , but the command will have no other visible effect . now , enter this command : changelevel mp_coop_lobby_2  this will reload the lobby , and your progress will be reset at zero . you can use this command to change your progress manually : mp_mark_course_complete &lt;course&gt;  whereas the number is the number of the course you want to unlock ( have finished ) , minus 1 . so to unlock course 1 , use mp_mark_course_complete 0 , to unlock 2 , mp_mark_course_complete 1 , and so on . this means that mp_mark_course_complete 0 unlocks course 1 fully , and will then open 2 . there is also mp_mark_all_maps_complete if you want to get professor portal . thanks to fail badp♦ for allowing me to waste his time .
you need to rescue the village as you can not very well give them the geck if they are not there .
you want to buy the component cable , which supports the wii 's maximum output resolution of 480p . 480p ( dvd-quality ) looks much better than the 480i ( more like pre-dvd , analog tv quality ) you get with the ( included ) composite cable . it is still not the 720p , 1080i , or 1080p that newer tvs can handle , but the wii does not output in those resolutions .
from left to right , with the switch facing the gate which needs to be opened : dolphin , hawk , and snake then , activate the switch .
short of getting a blue post or twitter reply from a blizzard dev or rep , the only way to achieve knowledge was testing , which is what i attempted . these are my findings : general massacre is a bonus that you receive when you kill multiple enemies with a short time in between each killing . the difference between massive blow and massacre is that the deaths resulting in massive blow have to come from one and the same ability , while massacre can be a chain of an arbitrary amount of abiliities . massacre and other bonuses ( such as massive blow , or the one where you have to destroy environmental objects ) can overlap without interfering with each other , but they can not be identical . e.g. if you trigger a massive blow and then stop doing everything , only the massive blow will be registered . however , if you trigger a massive blow and then go on two kill another couple of enemies , you will be able to cause an additional massacre that consists of all kills of the entire sequence . in my tests , it looked like only attacks and kills help to continue the streak - simply being attacked by monsters was not enough and would interrupt the streak . the minimal amount of monsters which need to be killed in order to trigger the bonus seems to be 10 . i have not seen any lower number or at least i can not remember it . maximum time between each single kill before the streak is interrupted this was very hard to test , because it basically came down to doing it a couple of times and guessing . since i could not use a clock to actually measure it ( i had to fight monsters ) , it comes down to my guess : i feel like the maximum time between each kill is around 2 seconds . one second is most definitely too low , and more than two seconds is definitely too high . knowing blizzard , though , it is not unlikely that it is some arbitrary number in between , like 1.7850 seconds . amount of experience rewarded concluding from around 50 or so massacres it looks like the function is linear , or at least approximately linear . this means that the function will look something like  experience = k*monsters + l  where k and l are constants . in words : if killing 10 mobs gives you 80 bonus xp , then killing 20 will give you roughly 160 . the exact amount depends on k and l . l is just the minimum bonus , which i do not know , but guess to be 50 ( from memory ) . also , this means that there is no one-to-one correspondence between amount of kills and experience rewarded . you should be able to easily see this for yourself : killing , for example , 10 monsters will often reward slightly different amounts of experience . k seems to be based on the levels ( relative to your level ) and types of the monsters that you are killing . whether this is because lower-level or lower-health enemies give less xp ( making k depend on the experience awarded by the kills ) , or because blizzard ( rightfully ) thinks doing massacres with lower-level and lower-heath enemies are easier than doing massacres with higher level enemies , i do not know , but the end-result is the same . this gives an important conclusion : k does not seem to directly correlate with your level or strength , or the monsters levels or strengths . instead , it depends only on relative levels or strengths . killing many monsters with level 59 will still not give you ( on average ) more experience per massacre than killing many monsters on level 10 , or more precisely , killing weak enemies on level 59 will not give more experience on average than killing weak enemies on level 10 . how the different inputs from different types and amounts of enemies are put together to form k , and what the exact values for the different enemy types are is something that we can not know until blizzard tells us directly . to summarize it : the amount of xp awarded is not quadratic , exponential , or even something of higher order . this means that the experience awarded will not blow out of proportions if you kill more and more enemies . instead the amount will rise steadily , making two massacres with 10 kills each worth about the same as one massacre with 20 kills ( assuming that you are killing the same monsters ) . massacres with " harder " enemies reward more xp , while not being harder to do , since massacre streaks are not interrupted as long as you are attacking something . since evaluating precise values for all monster types , monster levels and monster amounts is not feasible ( the number of possible combinations is too high to be accurately tested ) , it is unrealistic to give some sort of " kills:experience " table . for the same reason ( too many combinations to be sure until we get official word from blizzard ) , it is possible that i am missing some hidden variables which change the amount of experience awarded . however , these , if existent , should be relatively small in magnitude . since higher difficulties in normal are designed to be tougher , it can be expected that enemey " strength " relative to you will on average be higher than in normal difficulty . this will most likely result in a higher average k across all battles , meaning that massacre kill-streak rewards should on average get higher and higher in each difficulty level , although this is just speculation on my part ( i have not tested it yet ) .
no it is not . the only way you can play by yourself is to play the single player campaign .
it depends on how much crit chance , and crit hit damage you already have , the rule of thumb here is that you want to have 1 crit hit damage for every 0.1% crit hit chance . additionally , dex would be better if you had a very low dex at the moment and a very high crit hit chance/damage , but i do not expect that to be the case here . edit : with your stats you should aim for crit hit chance
this power will increase shepard 's and everyone in your squad 's health and sheilds . just like if you were to get an ammo that power that gives 50% of the effect to your squadmates , everyone gets it .
skyrim puts its saves in the following directory in windows vista and windows 7: c:\users\ [ username ] \documents\my games\skyrim\saves skyrim puts saves in the following directory in windows xp : c:\documents and settings [ username ] \my documents\my games\skyrim\saves these files are not dependent on anything so you can freely share them across computers , delete , copy , backup , or anything else .
there is no way to resurrect lost companions . any npc who dies is dead forever .
according to this thread : to get fart in a jar , upgrade flashbangs to lv4 . gets rid of the flashbangs , though . you can also mod it using horizon
edit : after showing this off to a friend in multiplayer , he pointed out to me how ridiculous it is to use a ( potentially rare ) statue for this when mannequins cost just 20 wood and stack perfectly well , so you can carry several in case you lose one . okay , i have been poking it for a while , and have come up with a way to destroy any amount of water with just two items ! this method does require you either tunnel around to get underneath the body of water you want to drain or stand in it while working , but it is still often faster than the old fill/dig method . all you need is a mannequin ( possibly other furniture as well , but something 2 blocks wide worked best in my tests ) and a bucket of lava : dig a 2 by 3 hole underneath — but not connecting to — the body of water . place the mannequin in the hole , then drop the bucket of lava into it . wait for the lava to settle . dig a channel from the water to your lava hole and watch the water vanish ! 1 dig out one of the blocks supporting your mannequin 2 and wait for the lava to settle . pick your lava back up . sadly , you can not reverse the process to destroy large amounts of lava — the lava will happily hover above the water , never making contact , forming obsidian , or being destroyed . worse , attempting to pick up this glitch lava will destroy your bucket ! 1 the water vanishes because , when falling into lava , it should make obsidian . however , the mannequin prevents the obsidian from being formed ( as they would occupy the same space ) and the water is simply removed because it has no place to pool . 2 if you are not close enough to your mannequin chamber before breaking this block , the mannequin may fall in the lava and be destroyed . bring spares !
the original etrian oddyssey games are ds titles , therefore they wont be restricted by 3ds region locking as established in this answer . this means it does not matter where you get etrian oddyssey 1 , 2 and 3 , they will play on any 3ds device in any region . just make sure to buy your 3ds and your copy of etrian oddessey 4 from the same region . as you have mentioned it is a 3ds-exclusive title , and will be subject to region-locking .
the mount is available to all your characters once they reached the right level . as it is for every items you got in the account inventory , except for the boom boxes .
it is the purple fin as they already said . the trick to get it is to squeeze and keep yourself as high as you can in the screen , then just spam black_demons to kill sharks ( i recommend to have the unicorn horn to do this ) . if you have enough hp and hp regen you will not die till very late , when there're already 3 snakes on screen
the music files are located in whatever drive you installed steam on , then this path : \Steam\steamapps\common\the binding of isaac\The Binding of Isaac Soundtrack your files should be there and ready to play ! there is no way to access the soundtrack through the client itself , unfortunately . if you are on a mac you will find that path in [Home]/Library/Application Support/Steam .
i believe there are flags on the map . i apologize as it has been quite some time since i last played , but from what i remember . . . red flags i think indicate that the property has damage , and it will give you an option to spend x amount to fix it up . i believe blue flags show that it is fully improved . i think this means that the decor is at its best , as you spend money to fix it up . i beat this game a few weeks after it came out and i owned every property in the game ( sounds difficult , but really is not ) . what was hard was keeping up with the property and sinking more and more money into keeping them afloat . just general advice if you have not beaten the game yet . . . get as much money as possible . you by all means are not required to do this , but you might find the latter part of the game more enjoyable with loads of cash to play with . point being : owning property like this will come in handy .
i am afraid it is not possible so far : i have been looking after the same feature , and all i could find were complaining steamcommunity threads , just like this one . please make the crime .netfilters persistent it gets annoying to have to set six different parameters every time i go to the crime .netlooking for a specific job . i am sure many others would also appreciate this . also , note that , as one of the answers states , the search filters only reset if you close the game , or if you leave a lobby you have just hosted .
sadly , no -- the enchanting process is the only time you can provide a custom name for any item . this is actually why i do so little of it -- i spend way too much time sitting at that screen trying to come up with a name that i will not despise an hour later , such as when i thought i was getting clever creating a ring of waterbreathing and naming it " ring of the fish " . . . if you have a save from before you created the item , you can load that , enchant it again , and name it this time around . or , you can create a new copy of the same item and then sell the original unnamed one ( for a not-insignificant amount of gold , plus more enchanting experience ! ) .
the difference is how big the maximum charge will be . so , if you use the petty gem , you will have to recharge the weapon all the time . if you use the grand gem ( assuming it contains grand soul ) , you will have to recharge it only rarely . source : skyrim:enchanting on uespwiki : the type of soul gem affects the amount of charges on a weapon or quality of the enchant on apparel .
in the mobile version of terraria , there is no hardmode . you will have to play on the console or pc versions to experience hardmode . source on the console/pc version , to enter hardmode , follow these steps : kill a voodoo demon and take the guide voodoo doll it drops . voodoo demons spawn in the underworld . throw the doll into lava ( in the underworld ) . fight the wall of flesh that you have just spawned . once you have killed the wof , you have just entered hardmode !
operations -> playercard -> combat record -> weapons ( combat summary )
similarly to how you might prevent someone from using a diamond sword , the easiest way of doing this in vanilla is to use scoreboards . unfortunately , there is no way to check for all foods with a single scoreboard objective ; you will have to set up an objective for each food item . additionally , there was a bug in previous versions that prevents doing what you asked , and you will need to use 1.8 snapshots or later . for this example , i will use bread , but you need to cover each food item . first set the scoreboard objectives for each food type to be tracked : /scoreboard objectives add ateBread stat.useItem.minecraft.bread  you do not need to do this from a command block , any op can run the command . next , for each food item , you will need a pair of command blocks , with the first of the pair feeding into the second with a comparator . the first looks for players that have eaten a food item , and gives them 2 hearts ( 4hp ) , the second resets those players scoreboard objective for that food item : effect @a[score_ateBread_min=1] 6 scoreboard players set @a[score_usedBread_min=1] usedBread 0  finally , hook all the command block pairs to a fast clock , and you are set . now there are some drawbacks here . first , if their hunger bar is full , they will not be able to eat , and thus will not be able to regenerate using this method . second , again if their hunger bar is full ( or nearly full ) , they will regenerate naturally , which may not be the desired outcome . the following video provides a way around this , and will also set up everything from a single command block . it does a few things differently than what i am showing above , but the end result is the same .
two colour mode changes a couple of the objectives . firstly , fractals of each different colour will only bloom with fractals of the same colour . this leads to a requirement of carefully choosing which fractals to push to ensure that you do not end up in a situation where you cannot bloom . secondly , fractals of either colour will spawn when you bloom , regardless of the colour of the bloom . finally , fractals that you push onto the board can be of either colour , and the colour of the next fractal that will be pushed is detailed in the bottom right corner next to the remaining pushes counter ;
according to ea , you can play portal 2 co-op cross-platform between the ps3 and pc versions . however , i would assume the ps3 functions just like another pc with steam , where you can not be logged in and online at two places at once ( kicking one client off ) . if that holds , you would be unable to play co-op with yourself ( your own account ) if one 's on a pc and the other on ps3 .
it depends on the actual job itself . in most cases , doing a pro job on hard will reward comparable ( if not more ) xp to doing the non-pro job version on very hard . this has to do with the base xp of the job ( which , in the older versions of the game prior to the addition of death wish , was derived from the pay grade [ white stars ] on the contract ) . the notable exception here is bank heist , due to the gold variant ( which is pro job only ) having the same base xp as the non-pro variants and bank heist [ pro ] not having a significantly higher base xp reward to deal with the difference in risk multipliers . the reason why this is the case is that the final xp is determined by a few multipliers , the main ones relevant to the question at hand being the risk multiplier and , for multi-day jobs , the day multiplier ( which is higher for pro jobs due to the no restart limitation ) . the risk multipliers are 2x , 5x , 10x , and 13x for hard , very hard , overkill and death wish ( respectively ) . for multiday jobs , the day multipliers are 2x for day 2 and 3x for day 3 on a non-pro job , while pro jobs get 2.5x and 5x , respectively . a much-more-in-depth explanation of how the xp multipliers work was posted over at reddit .
these are the only two challenges that require rank 5 of another challenge to unlock . shotgun sniper - kill 10 enemies with shotguns from long range requires open wide ! 5 - kill 750 enemies with shotguns from point blank range . catch-a-rocket - kill 5 enemies with direct hits from rocket launchers requires splish splash 5 - kill 200 enemies with rocket launcher splash damage . good news is - all long range and direct hit kills done before unlocking these challenges still count .
yes , all biomes are still present in all seeds , at least in vanilla minecraft non-superflat maps . " infinite " biomes are most likely not so , and will end eventually , even if the given biome does appear much larger than normal due to the same biome being randomly assigned . however , identical seeds will produce vastly different maps for many different versions of minecraft because when terrain generation changes , the worlds generated differ completely . your comment about dungeons ( which i assume refer to strongholds — dungeons have spawners in them and are also generated randomly ) is still true , i believe . there was some talk about removing this preset spawn pattern and limit , but i do not see evidence that it is made its way into the game .
portal 2 does not have czech dubbing . if you want to change all of he game 's menus and interfaces into czech , change your steam language to czech . this can be done in steam interface by going to steam/settings/interface/select the language you wish steam to use ( requires steam to restart ) /czech and restart steam . if you just want to change the closed captions , go to the developer console and type cc_lang " czech " . note that closed captions must be enabled from within the game under options/audio/closed captions for closed captioning to be visible . by default , if your steam language is set to czech , you should not need to get to the developer console , but closed captions would still need to be turned on . all this information can be found on the steam forums . and in case you were not aware the wiki describes how to access the developer console , the console can be enabled by going into options-> keyboard-> advanced . . . and checking " enable developer console ( &lsquo ; ) " . now , by pressing the &lsquo ; key , just under esc on most keyboards , the developer console comes up .
presumably , the reason they are easy is because you have outleveled them . monsters below your level provide less experience , as seen in the table below . level difference is calculated as ( mob level ) - ( character level ) . bonus xp/kill from gear is only applied if the monster is at most 5 levels below you . source : click to loot
no , coins cannot be used for anything else .
you are not supposed to actually fix it . the point of the broken mirror is it adds a bit of depth to your character - he keeps breaking it because he can not stand to look at himself .
no , there is no way to disable it . no configuration setting , no config file to edit . nothing . it is supposed to be there to add to the " realism " of the game , but in many induces motion sickness , so you are not alone in that . sadly your only option is to keep it on or stop playing the game .
googling a variety of different search terms eventually brought me to this thread where someone had , through a process of elimination , identified vibmutexsct . pex in the scripts folder as the culprit . moving this file out of the folder allowed me to finish the quest , though i still need to work out which mod this file is from to disable it . edit : turned out to be immersive beds . ( i worked this out by scrolling through my mod list in wrye bash looking at the file list in the right-hand pane for each )
/squelch &lt;*account name&gt; or /ignore &lt;*account name&gt; will squelch or mute players , respectively .
when you login to your battle .netaccount on their website you will be able to upgrade to the full game via an option on the right hand side of your diablo iii starter edition game management screen . according to a post that has become inaccessible , you will be able to carry over your progression to the full game .
i had the same problem . there should be filters in the join dialog , allowing you to see regions with empty slots or a specific map , but those were removed in an effort to reduce server stress . i have not seen any statement as to when they will return . like with most other games , i have come to rely on other communities to find players rather than using the in-game browser . so here is what you do : go to /r/simcity and make a post stating youre creating a region and looking for players . i found four players within the hour . the #simcity tag also contains regular tweets from players looking for a game .
do you also have the unofficial dragonborn patch installed ( separate from the unofficial skyrim patch ) ? if not , install it . one of its fixes is : dragonborn 's changes to dragonactorscript . psc have now been properly merged with the fixes done in the uskp . dragon soul absorbtion is now working 100% correctly . according to the unofficial dragonborn patch 's mod description , the load order should be like this : skyrim . esm update . esm unofficial skyrim patch . esp dawnguard . esm unofficial dawnguard patch . esp hearthfires . esm unofficial hearthfire patch . esp dragonborn . esm unofficial dragonborn patch . esp highrestexturepack01 . esp highrestexturepack02 . esp highrestexturepack03 . esp unofficial high resolution patch . esp also as a reply to this answer , you should not load dragonborn after uskp , as it could undo the fixes of uskp . if unsure , just let boss take care of the load order . install the other unofficial patches if you have their dlcs too : dawnguard , hearthfire , high resolution dlc . also , see the troubleshooting steps for the ' cannot absorb dragon souls ' issue listed at the unofficial dragonborn patch nexus forums sticky post by arthmoor , one of the udgp developers : check for : dragonactorscript.pex and/or mqkilldragonscript.pex . remove them if present . they are from dragon mods that came as loose files . dsamg - dragon soul absorb more glorious , and diversified dragons are known to cause this . those mods need to be updated with a dragonborn patch that incorporates the fixes from the udbp . skyrim unbound will cause this as well due to the script being unaware of the changes for dragonborn . others may be a factor as well . note too that the offending mod may have the script packaged inside a bsa . that will need to be handled by that mod 's author . if you are using mod organizer and are here to report issues with dragon souls , sorry , but you are on your own as we do not support issues caused by incorrectly letting that program modify the bsa load order system the game has . your post is likely to just be ignored . we do not have time to keep fending off false bug reports caused by people who insist on unpacking their bsa files using the program and thus subverting the entire system the game relies on for proper behavior .
there are many ways to move faster that other players in counter strike . the easiest is to use " fast " weapons such as Steyr Scout , with it you will run with speed of 260 units/second . the second fastest weapon ( s ) is ( are ) knife , pistols ( all of them ) and smgs ( all of them except for P90 ) , with them you run 250 units/second . after that it is P90: 245 units/second . the slowest weapon is AWP , you will only run at 210 units/second , second slowest is M249: 220 units/second . the other option to move faster is to move sideways ( not completely strafing , just a bit askew ) . i do not remember how to do it exactly , but if i remember correctly it was like that : go forward + strafe left/right + move mouse to the left/right . with knife it is possible to get a speed of 274 units/second . or , as saadben said , you can try learning how to BunnyHop , there are gazillion lessons in the web . with BunnyHop you will go fastest , but it is extremely difficult to learn it .
with gibbed 's borderlands 2 save game editor , open up the save game file of the character that you would like to edit and make the following changes : setting a character 's level in the ' general ' tab , type in the level you want the character to be in the ' experience level ' field , and then click on the ' sync ' button of the ' experience points ' field to automatically compute the appropriate experience points for that level . alternatively , you can set your character to match another character 's exact experience points by entering the other character 's experience points in the ' experience points ' field and then clicking on the ' sync ' button of the ' experience level ' field . unlock all 4 weapon equip slots go to the ' bank ' tab , then click on the ' new item ' button . in Type , select GD_StorageDeckUpgrade.A_Item.INV_SDU_WeaponEquipSlot ( near the bottom of the list ) . in Balance , select : GD_ItemGrades.StorageDeckUpgrades.ItemGrade_SDU_WeaponEquipSlot in Manufacturer , select : GD_Manufacturers.Manufacturers.Stock keep the rest of the fields untouched . right-click the created item and then select ' duplicate ' , to add a total of two sdus ( storage deck upgrades ; to unlock the remaining locked two weapon equip slots ) . then , in the game , go to the bank and retrieve the weapon equip slot sdus . retrieving an sdu will unlock a weapon equip slot . the sdus will not appear in your inventory . note that in true / ultimate vault hunter mode , you can access the bank near the start of the game at claptrap 's place , windshear waste . unlock true vault hunter mode ( tvhm ) or ultimate vault hunter mode ( uvhm ) for tvhm , go to the ' raw ' tab and set PlaythroughsCompleted to 1 . for uvhm , set PlaythroughsCompleted to 2 , and set LastPlaythroughNumber to 1 .
in past updates , biome changes have been retroactive . i logged into my original singleplayer world recently to find it was now a snow biome . you can use a map editor ( such as mcedit ) or a game mod ( such as bukkit worldedit plugin ) to delete the chunks you have not built anything in . when you explore them again , they will regenerate using the most up-to-date method . if you really want all the latest terrain everywhere , use mcedit to copy your base and export it as a schematic . write down the world seed . start a new world in minecraft using the same seed , then exit minecraft and use mcedit to import your old base into the new world .
you could try using the /gamemode &lt;name&gt; 1 command to set your users to be in creative mode . you will need to do it for each user . or you could do it like so : /gamemode @a 1 if you want all players to be in creative mode .
i posed this question to edmund mcmillen , one of the creators of super meat boy , and he answered that these enemies are called oobs . there is even a level in the cotton alley world called oobs ' revenge .
you need the very large ember , which can be found in new londo after you drain the water covering the lower levels . it is located in a chest at the top of some stairs , which are accessible through the first castle building . once you get it , you simply need to give it to blacksmith andrei . for a better description of the location , here is a video :
if you park a car in the garage , it will be saved there . your standard car will always be available nearby if it is not in the garage . parking in the garage will save that car and you can access there unless you left it somewhere else . taken from the manual : player characters can own any vehicle in [ gta v ] as long they have appropriate storage for it . to purchase a new car they must first own a garage . . . if a vehicle is destroyed it will reappear at any residential property that the character owns with a garage ( note that this does not include safe houses ) . if an owned vehicle is lost , stolen or abandoned , it will be impounded . to retrieve impounded vehicles the character must pay a find of $250 and collect the vehicle
no need for calculations ! according to the grand theft auto wiki , los santos has a population of over 4 million .
as of now the item do not drop in-game . the achievement " espionage " cannot be completed because the lore " battlefield reports " does not drop in game . here you have the blue post which states the bug . check under achievements ! hope they will fix this soon !
blizzard want you to farm elite packs rather than bosses and have adjusted the guaranteed drops from bosses and elite packs in the 1.0.3 patch : the nephalem difference it’s no secret that our goal for the end-game item hunt is players hunting monsters packs , building to five stacks of nephalem valor , and then killing a boss . while we’re seeing a lot of that occurring , what we’re missing is people feeling like it’s worthwhile to continue onward after killing a boss . to help hit that goal we’re lowering the number of guaranteed rare items on bosses when you have your full five stacks of nephalem valor from two guaranteed rares to one guaranteed rare ( you still have a very good chance at multiple rares , it is just no longer guaranteed ) . in exchange , all champion and rare packs will now drop a bonus guaranteed rare item when you have your full five stacks of nephalem valor . the change benefits players with more overall drops , and a reason to push to continue progressing .
you are picking offer , not trade , essentially giving them gifts to increase your favor with them . to propose the trade , pick t .
earlier in rots beta completing all 25 bounties would reward you with greater horadric cache . since then they decided to remove them from game , rewards they could contain are now droppable by rift bosses . source . so currently there is no bonus benefit from completing all 25 bounties .
what is different besides a different story and a different set of enemies in different locations ? not much . of course , just with those few differences , you have already got an almost entirely different game . iirc , one of the main side-effects of that choice is that you are choosing between a " missile-based " ally and a " close combat " ally . i think the most important difference is the set of enemies you are up against , because that determines what skills your pilots are going to pick up . one story leads very quickly to the powerful " pilot dmg " skills which then allows you to capture complete wanzers by taking out the pilot without totally destroying wanzer parts .
it looks like in the portal hacking phase , the level used is the " rounded " level . the xm cost is based on the portal level the attack you can receive in response of hacking an enemy portal is based on the portal level it sounds logical that items dropping is related to this " rounded " level . as far as i experienced it ( i am now level 7 ) , to get high level items , i have to hack " real " high level portals . a portal at level 5.75 ( 7+6+6+6+6+5+5+5 , made by 1 l7 and 1 l6 player ) will still give me less high level items than a real l6 portal ( 7+6+6+6+6+6+6+5 made by 1 l7 and 2 l6 players ) . i never get any l8 items from portals that were at lavels 5 or 5.25 or 5.75 , the first time i got some was when hacking a real l6 portal :d
shatter shot has the best overall output . the expected average damage outputs per use ( calculated up to the 10th piercing ) are : 177% for hungering arrow ( base ) 230% for puncturing arrow 231% for cinder arrow rune 301% for shatter shot rune 283% for devouring arrow rune ( assuming each piercing does 170% damage of the previous one ) , or 235% for devouring arrow rune ( assuming each piercing does an additional cumulative 70% base weapon damage ) you could see the breakdown on this document . note : the dual interpretation on the devouring arrow rune ( multiplicative , i.e. the damage on the 3rd pierce is 1.7*1.7*base , or additive which would be ( 1.7+0.7 ) *base ) comes from this other answer . the answer states that the additive interpretation is the correct one .
there is no way to get data off a ps3 's hard disk if the ps3 is dead . transplanting the hard disk into a new ps3 does not work because the hard disk data is tied to the old ps3 . the new ps3 will only allow you to format the drive , not access the data . see my answer here for options .
override skills such as scorn are not affected by the following +melee damage bonuses : +50% melee damage weapon statistic ( tested with bad touch flakker ) +% melee damage relic ( tested with +23% melee damage " strength relic" ) +% damage by brand relic while wielding a gun of that brand ( tested with +24% maliwan damage " allegiance relic" ) roid damage ( tested with bandit " slo maylay shield " with 13k roid damage ) amp damage ( tested with hyperion " the bee " with 49k amp damage ) ( all tests done as a level 50 maya with scorn ; scorn dealt 722 damage per beam on every test . melee damage badass ranks and +% melee damage talents untested as i have no available tokens and maya has no talents with +% melee damage . )
they naturally spawn in nether fortresses , light level 7 or less where their lower half will be . to increase the chances of one spawning , make sure the light level condition is met , and fill any holes in the floor . it does not matter about material , wither skeletons will spawn whether there is nether brick or not . in nether fortresses , skeleton eggs/spawners will spawn wither skeletons 80% of the time .
as the in-game tutorial popup will tell you , loot is generated separately per player . you will see your own pool of loot , and other players will see their own loot . you can trade items by picking up the loot and then trading/dropping it , but all of the loot that the boss spews onto the ground is yours to grab .
to find the doom level , you will need to travel to gearhead vault , within subway town . once you are able to access this level ; kill all enemies and head towards the area near the end with the computers activate seven of these computers ( use video for reference as to which ) - you will hear a sound from doom for every computer you interact with once activated all computers are activated you will hear a second sound effect from doom head back to the start of the level a previously locked door will now be unlocked " use " the teleporter to transport to e1m1 here is a youtube video detailing how to find this hidden room : finding this secret level will also allow you to find the doom marine bobblehead item :
you can continue to use the beta client after the launch . you do not need to download again . however it should be noted that some people have reported improvements in the games performance with a fresh install , this is purely anecdotal and does not hold true for everyone . if you prefer to have the game ' installed ' properly , you can download the installer , run it , and once it begins downloading the game again click cancel . you can then copy the . dat file from your current beta install into the new game folder . this should prevent the need to install the game while giving you things such as a start menu folder e.t.c. i have not found any evidence that this will increase the performance of the game client . this also only applies to those you downloaded the very first bwe client , which used a different launcher style and simply downloaded the files to whatever directory the installer was located in .
you have discovered the only strategy that really works at low levels -- preventing the giant from hitting you at all . other than using terrain features , there is another way to do this : effective ways to combat giants include frost spells and frost-enchanted weapons . the damage appears to be the same as the other elemental types , yet this will stun them causing them to walk extremely slowly for many seconds . giants are always the same level , 32 , so you should expect them to be far more difficult than dragons at early levels , and far easier than dragons at later levels .
with good control , any 5 heroes can kill roshan before the match begins . it takes a good amount of teamwork and some money spent on health potions , however , and is easily punished if the opposing team realizes it . because of this , the strategy is rarely seen . there are certain heroes who are more effective at killing roshan because of how their abilities work at level 1 , and the increased speed or less punishment taken makes level 1 roshan kills more common when some or multiple of the following are on a team : ursa ( fury swipes stacks indefinitely ) auras ( skeleton king , luna , drow , beastmaster , shadowfiend ) lich ( frost armor slows roshan attack ) venomancer ( wards can deal damage ) vengeful spirit ( howl reduces armor by 2 ) viper ( corrosive skin damages and slows attack speed ) any summoner plus enigma . ( beastmaster , nature 's prophet , lycan , etc . ) . you can convert that summon into eidolons and use further summons to damage , depending on hero . lone druid wisp ( double effectiveness of healing salves with tether ) timbersaw ( reactive armor ) the reward is significant . heroes will be halfway to level 3 if all split the experience , or if coordinated well one hero can be the only one within experience range and jump all the way to level 5 . each hero receives 200 gold and the killer gets a gold bounty of between 105-600 bonus gold . and , of course , the aegis of the immortal drops . items that help : ring of basilius for the +2 armor aura is an obvious one . healing salves . you can take turns tanking roshan and healing quickly thereafter . smoke of deceit . if you are coming from the radiant side , you are likely to be spotted without this . it also wears off when the enemy is nearby so you can know if you have been spotted on the way in . it also increases movement speed to get you there faster . stats and regen . you are going to lane after this , and the bonus health and damage helps here too . it is worth noting that the most popular combo recently is simply ursa plus skeleton king . two coordinated players can kill roshan by themselves with these heroes . here 's a video walkthrough i made to doing this : .
since version 1.0.1.674: go to the game options and check the Skip Intro Video option : earlier versions : navigate to My Documents/My Games/Sid Meier's Civilization V/ on a pc or ~/Documents/Aspyr/Sid Meier's Civilization 5 on a mac . look for the file " usersettings . ini " and open it in a text editor like notepad search for the variable " skipintrovideo = 0" change the 0 to 1 enjoy your shiny , intro vid free civ !
this is just a random kill cam . while it used to be restricted to just melee weapons a patch to the game has introduced it to just about every weapon in the game including spells now . as for the triggering , it can happen when your attack would kill the target not you kill the target because it happens . so to that end , it can not be used as a way to instantly kill things . . . although an ' assassin ' type person can often one hit kill most things from stealth and thus will see this animation quite often .
no , trading cards are items stored in your inventory if you uninstall a game , the cards you have already collected will remain in your inventory . additionally , any progress you have made towards collecting cards and the total you have earned out of the available gifted free cards from playing will be preserved . for example , if you have collected 3 out of 4 available " free " cards that can be earned by playing a game when you uninstalled it , reinstalling the game in the future will allow you to collect the one remaining " free " card .
spoiler : transforming into a werewolf solves the issue , at least it solved mine when i had an arrow stuck in my . . . knee .
i am not sure your character will ever really be good at combat with those stats . your agility is good for ranged skills , but you are too weak to use guns properly . as mentioned , you could go full sneak and speech and try and do the game without combat as much as possible . there are a couple of ways to increase your strength and luck . ways to increase strength : t-51b power armor increases strength by 3 . the brotherhood of steel can perform an operation to increase strength by 1 , assuming the player can afford it . buffout temporarily increases strength by 2 . several perks increase strength . adrenaline rush raises strength by 1 when the player has less than 50% health . gain perk can be used to boost strength by 1 . some perks raise strength when checking for modifiers . heave ho ! raises strength by 2 for purposes of throwing weapons . weapon handling raises strength by 3 for purposes of checking the minimum strength needed to use a weapon . the bruiser trait raises strength by 2 , but lowers the player 's ap . ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/strength ) ways to increase luck chuck in the boneyard - adytum can increase your luck permanently by one point via the mysteries of the tarot . (http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/luck)
before i even watch any further than 7:30 mins he already had an expansion , 10 more workers and was scouting the map , seeing you had not expanded yourself . at that time , you had 8 marines + 1 marauder , he only had 1 zergling + 2 queens . if he wants to progress into banelings and mutalisks as fast as possible , he is going to need a lot of gas to built the buildings required and the units , he needs expansions to pay for it . so your most important failure is probably not having map control , thus not spotting an unguarded expansion or simply pushing while he was still weak . watching further ( 10 min mark ) : you have gained two tanks , some marines and a marauder . but still have only half of his amount of workers , which means he is simply outmacroing you on resources , thus capable of teching quicker and getting more units . within 2 minutes , he gained 20 zerglings and 20 drones . the only noticeable tech he has at this point is the banelings nest and an evolution chamber , upgrading his units . meanwhile , you upgraded to make tanks with siege modes , added a techlab to your airport ( thus not making units from it ) and was upgrading armor in your engineering bay . a better approach would have been to have out a medivac as soon as possible and see if you could annoy the zerg player . this has the advantage that you get to see what he is doing and hopefully take out some drones in the process . instead you leave him alone , outmacroing you . by 15 mins you decide to attack while he doubled his amount of zerglings , got his third expansion up and running , had overlords checking all other possible expansion areas and making sure you could not built there by placing creep . he even got out 15 muta 's . you went to his base with the banshees ( hence you made the techlab earlier ) , but had not noticed he already had an overseer . he already had that one at the 10 minute mark , had you spotted it back then , you could have skipped banshees altogether . in the meantime , you did not get an expansion nor did you significantly increase your army to match his . you have been protecting your base against air attacks , but those missile turrets are 100 minerals a piece and can not be moved . making marines with a medivac would have suited you better , especially on such a large map . by the 18 minute mark you decide to pull out , which was probably the worst moment : he just started to transform his zerglings into banelings ( 17 ) . together with his 27 ( ! ) muta 's , there was nothing you could do . my conclusion yes , you made all the right counter units , but you did not make enough of them to stop him . what should you have done differently ? be more aggressive , make sure you are ahead in something ( either units or resources ) while not being too far behind on others . yes , you teched up , but if you have only have 50% of his units and 20% of his resources , those upgrades will not help you one bit !
( whether it is worth it for you , only you can say . if you have not played it in the years you have had the discs sat at home , why would you play it now with a download version ? it would save you the hassle of having a playstation set up , or an emulator -- but whether that is worth the price tag is something only you can decide . ) the minimum system requirements on that site are : microsoft windows xp/vista/7 ( 32/64-bit ) 2ghz processor or faster 1gb ram directx 9-compatible graphic card if you have an internet connection and a suitable pc , you can download the game again and play it from where you left off by taking advantage of the cloud save storage . you will not be able to play this version on your mobile phone . the " with just an internet connection " part is strictly talking about transferring save files between computers with the square enix cloud save function . finally , this version is the same as that found on steam . if you already use steam , then it may be preferable for you to buy it from there .
i am fairly sure this is a bug upon the save moving to the newer version of minecraft . i made a new world , and all the trees were generated with the same colour of leaves . because of this , i am almost certain the multicoloured trees were unintentional .
according to this beastnode article the problem is easy to fix . open the folder where your save is located ( minecraft folder /saves/ save name ) and delete the session . lock file .
with the four rifles in the halo 4 arsenal , there is actually a very good balance . they will all kill a player in nearly the exact same amount of overall time if every shot hits as fast as the trigger can be pulled and is a head shot . the dmr , br , and unzoomed light rifle all take 5 trigger-pulls to do this , and all of these fire at very similar rates . a zoomed-in light rifle fires a bit slower , but will kill with only 4 headshots . the carbine has been tweaked a bit since halo 3 , and fires much more quickly than the other weapons , but does significantly less damage . this balances out to a very similar overall time , but with 8 head shots required . so overall , the carbine is probably the most difficult to do it with since it requires 8 shots on target , but there are fractions of a second in difference between the overall times for all the rifles .
yes . diablo 3 does not allow offline play . if you want to play with someone else , they must each make it past the log-in screen . . . which means you will both require a separate copy and associated diablo 3 licence . also of note is that you may only have one diablo 3 per battle .netaccount , so your wife will need to set up an additional battle .netaccount to be able to play with you . if you purchase a physical copy , however , you will be able to share the installation disk , but diablo 3 does not require a cd to run .
tristram new tristram old ruins the cathedral cathedral garden cathedral level 3 royal crypts desolate chamber the cemetery cemetery of the forsaken the fields the fields of misery drowned temple the festering woods the highlands wortham chapel cellar highlands crossing northern highlands leorics mirror the halls of agony halls of agony level 2 halls of agony level 3 &mdash ; from this video
update : all class sigils have been awarded . if you do not have them by this point ( and the associated feat of strength ) , you are out of luck ! you are credited for them already . the thing is , blizzard 's servers were swamped ( surprise ! ) when they first started the mark of valor , and since you did not have to log in to battle .netto partake in the activity , the only record they had of you taking part was if you correctly entered your email address in the final step . now , even beyond that , there were some issues with verification - if you did not get an email confirmation of your mark of valor submission , blizzard has lost your entry into the aether , and has no record of your work . but not all is lost ! you can go back to the mark of valor page and reacquire any sigils you are missing until the page closes on 5/18/12 . we now have a blue post with a less nebulous date : within the first couple of weeks of diablo iii 's release on may 15 , we will be processing all of these accounts and flagging them to unlock the appropriate sigils .
this is actually a huge topic that also tells a big part of the difference between a high and low elo player . it is also not that easy . there is no real secret formula for when to push a lane or when to harras an opponent . you have to apply an own strategy for every matchup in the game . so i will not list every single possible matchup but i will give some examples . first of all , even as support or jungler , knowing when to push or freeze a lane is a big factor of winning your lane . so now : when should i push my lane ? bot if you want to do dragon ( both sides ) if you are purple team and you are laning against someone who has problems with lasthitting under the turret if a pushed lane opens an opportunity to kill your opponent ( if you have blitzcrank/thresh for example and they can land a hook ) mid if you want to do dragon ( both sides ) if you are laning against someone who has trouble lasthitting under the turret if you are laning against a roam dependent champion ( kassadin etc . ) top there are no real reasons to push top except for the ones that count for every lane . every lane if your jungler ganked successfully , push hard and try to get a turret if you want to get a lanegank going you will have to push . ( except mid ) push as much lanes as possible if you are doing nashor push if your lane opponent is missing so he loses farm under the turret if you want to towerdive and of course push if you can get a turret ( 2v1 lanes , or range vs meele ) when should i be freezing my lane ? every lane if you want to harrass if you want to farm passively if you might get ganked but your jungler is near for a countergank when should my lane get pushed by the opponent ? every lane if you are expecting a gank if you have no trouble lasthitting under the turret if you are screwed easily by ganks if you want to make a longer escape path for the enemy ( passive-aggressive playstyle ) if you have a baaaad feeling about the position of the enemy jungler ; ) now this counts for most situations , however there are some exceptions . example you are playing varus , leona vs . caitlyn , janna . now if you go for what is above , you should get pushed since you can create a longer escape path for janna who has no real escape spells and you also have no problems with farming under the turret as varus . also both of you have no escape spells so playing under the turret is safe right ? no ! caitlyn has a higher range than you and janna can disengage pretty easily . also her shield will negate a huge part of the damage you deal to any of those two and she can push the turret even harder due to the bonus ad of the shield . in a matchup like this it would be better to just freeze the lane . you can still initiate if you have to but you will not lose a turret . also if you position yourself right you will not get ganked that easily and in addition to that you can ward the bush to watch out for lane ganks . when should i harras my lane opponent ? now this is also veeeery dependent on the matchup . in some cases it is easy : whenever you can ( kayle vs . khazix for example ) . but most of the time it is a bit more complicated . if you are range vs meele you generally want to harrass with autoattacks whenever you can and you want to punish your opponent hard if he goes in for a cs or tries to come to you . if you are meele vs range you mostly want to focus on farming and rather go all in or trade heavily . also if you are high range vs low range ( caitlyn vs . sivir for example ) you also want to benefit from this with autoattack harrassment . now there is not only meele vs range or high range vs low range . unlike dota , league heavily focuses on spells in lane . now some champions have rather high costs while others have none at all . here you have to know when to harass or trade with your spells since you can also harras an enemies mana pool if done right . if you are let 's say katarina vs . sion you should always spam your q so sion has to either take the damage or use his shield which costs a lot of mana . but no matter what never lose farm because of harrassment . i hope this helps a bit but the topic is just too huge to be discussed online . i can really recommend the guides over at solomid .net. they usually have good players writing in-depth guides which include the most common lane matchups and how to deal with them .
no , you cannot change the color of outfits other than your basic assassin robes . you can buy recolors of your basic outfit from merchants .
you only play with other players on your platform . they all use different backends ( origin for pc , xbox live for 360 . . . ) and your multiplayer characters are tied to your console 's account ( so if your name is bob on psn , other players on psn will see you as bob ) , making them unique on that network , rather than tying them only to origin accounts . you are still tied to origin for all galaxy at war stuff and ea also uses it for drm for extensions and to prevent cheating .
move good all the way to the right , and evil all the way to the left to get the " menu hero " trophy . other than that , they are just a joke .
bee traits and their possible values ( taken from this link , this forum post , and this page on the forestry wiki ) species : determines products generated and base temperature/humidity levels ( which are unchangeable ) , too many to list speed : slowest , slower , slow , normal , fast , faster , fastest ( requires thaumic bees to obtain ) lifespan : shortest , shortest , short , shortened , normal , elongated , long , longer , longest ( requires extrabees to obtain ) fertility : number of drone offspring that will be produced when the queen dies , between 1 and 4 area : area ( xxyxz ) in which the bee will search for its flower and produce any effects , listed in the beealyzer , largest in vanilla forestry is 11x8x11 ( ender bee ) , with thaumic bees 15x13x15 flower : what block type the bee requires to be within its area in order to produce anything , self-explanatory with the caveat that the ' nether ' flower is netherwart . temperature tolerance : levels up/down from the bee 's natural temperature range that the bee will still operate in , best is both 3 with thaumic bees , both 2 without temprature levels are : icy , cold , normal , warm , hot , hellish ( the nether ) humidity tolerance : functions in the same way as temperature tolerance but for humidity , best is both 2 with thaumic bees , or both 1 with extra bees humidity levels are : arid , normal , damp nocturnal : will function at night , yes/no flyer : will function when raining , yes/no cave dweller : will function without housing having line of sight to sky , yes/no effect : too many to list , the negative ones are usually obvious , but be aware of the ender bee effect that causes lots of damage to the player . wearing a full apiarist suit will negate all bee effects for the wearer . pollination : speed at which bees will cause different tree types to cross-pollinate and also generate additional flowers around hive , slowest , slower , slow , average , fast , faster , fastest , maximum ( not currently available )
from faq/walkthrough by malduke : the formula come from talking with random people and completing errands . castaway cove - woman on a small boat at the docks hamelin - gray haired man in front of swift solutions skull mountain - sky pirate on the iron wyvern yule - ice-fishing tomte perdida - boy next to woman holding a baby llapaca perdida - xanaduvian guard errands 021: a tail of woe 040: a change of heart 057: the mechanic 's lament 059: moving on 064: the hungry llapaca 069: the runaway fairies 076: the young alchemist 077: the forest alchemists 078: the master alchemist 085: notes from the center master alchemist ( after completing his errand and holding two items ) heart of the muse - solosseum series rank a prize cad 's clasp - porco rosso drop
firstly you will need to download it ( and the other dlc ) using either the in-game menus or directly from the playstation store . the game comes with a code that you can use to redeem the downloads ( as long as you do not have a used copy of the game ) . the comic actually forms part of the game ( including a few points where you get to choose what happens ) , so all you need to do to see it is to play through the game 's introduction and the comic will start automatically . given that the start of the comic flows on from the introduction , and the interactive element , it would not make much sense to have it viewable before you have started the game .
to attract students to your university , simply having a connection to the region is sufficient . many students will borrow their parents car to drive to university and this only requires a road connection to your region . for younger students , their parents will drive them across region to school if required . as with all inter-region traffic having a strong mass transit presence ( municipal buses and trains ) will provide additional options of commuting . it is worth remembering that clicking on individual sims will tell you where they are from and where they are trying to go , and around school time on the roads near your education buildings you will often be able to determine how your students are arriving .
place your valuables in an ender chest . each player has their own ender chest space , so if someone would look in the ender chest you have put your diamonds in , they only see their own stuff they have put in an ender chest .
not confirmed , but all current sources say yes . yes . no , it does not take longer , per say , but it costs much less o-power energy to send o-powers to other people , so giving is more efficient . it takes around 30 uses of a l2 o-power to receive the l3 o-power
season 4 changes firstly , tier demotions do not happen immediately at 0 lp . first , you get a warning , then if you continue to lose games , you will then drop the tier . also , shielding and mmr-based demotions have been added . shielding means that you are immune to dropping out of the tier for your first n games once you enter the tier . ( todo : find the exact number ) also , the tiers are more closely tied to mmr ( your [ m ] atch [ m ] aking [ r ] ank ) . if you play well below the mmr of others in your tier , you will get a demotion warning in your profile , and then drop the tier if you continue to play badly . for a hypothetical example of this , imagine that the mmr of silver v is 1500 , and the mmr of gold v is 2000 . if you are in gold v and playing with a mmr of 1570 , you will probably get the warning . season 3 system first , the official sources : ( announcement / image only / faq / faq mirror ) there are five normal tiers and then the challenger tier . each tier has five divisions . when you win a game you get league points and when you lose a game you lose league points . when you have 100 league points you will enter a promotion series . a division promotion series means you have to win two out of your next three matches to get promoted , while in a tier promotion series you have to win three out of five . once you enter a tier , you can not drop from it by losing games -- but you can drop divisions . so if you are gold i you could potentially drop to gold ii , but as long as you are active you will never get demoted to silver tier . as mentioned earlier , you can lose league points by losing games , and this point loss will drop you divisions but not tiers when you go below 0 . but , when you are inactive for 28 days , your league points start decaying . this point loss will drop both divisions and tiers -- again , when you go below 0 . the decay rates are set by tier : bronze : no weekly decay ( i assume this means you will stay in bronze 1 unless you decide to lose some games ) silver : 10 per week gold : 25 per week platinum : 35 per week diamond : 50 per week the challenger tier is different - it has no divisions , and league points have no upper bound . only 50 players and 32 teams ( correct me if i am wrong on the solo count ) are allowed in there , and when a new challenger enters the tier , the person with the least league points will get demoted to diamond i ( the top division of the otherwise top tier ) . inactivity starts after 7 days , not 28 . when someone completes their promotion series for challenger , the lowest player / team in challenger is bumped and dropped to diamond i . this seems to be in order to keep the challenger as a list of the best current players in league of legends . the priority list for bumping out of challenger : if any player / team is inactive ( remember , 7 days ) , only an inactive player / team can be bumped . the player / team with the lowest league points will be bumped . ( unknown behavior to resolve lp ties ) to summarize : can you drop tiers other than challenger ? yes , by decay only . can you drop divisions ? yes , by decay or losing . can you drop challenger tier ? yes , by decay or losing or bumped .
there is a much easier way . if you want the ui elements off of the gamepad and the tv , such as the map for example , there are options in the menu to hide them . just hit minus , then go to options , and there should be an option to hide the map and other ui elements completely . that way they wont clutter up the screen or the gamepad ! happy hunting ! as for displaying on both , i dont think it is possible . . .
there is no direct benefit to more villagers once norende is completely rebuilt . i have over 500 villagers , and it seems i still have the same amount of animated people running about as ever . but do remember that each new streetpass may bring a new nemesis , which you can fight for exp , jp and perhaps an item . thus a side-benefit to more streetpasses is more opportunities to fight nemeses .
this should work : download bsaunpack launch it , and find the directory of the game . go to data , and select the file called " skyrim - voicesextra . bsa " if you use steam , it'll be in :  C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps  then , under Common ( or the folder corresponding to your steam name ) , press extract all into the data directory ( the same directory where the voiceextra file lies ) there will now be an extra directory in the data folder : \Data\sound\voice\skyrim.esm\maleuniqueesbern  source : skyrim esbern voice/door issue workaround . on syndicate gamers .
the cronvangr cave in eastmarch is full of weak spiders , i usually hunt there . map , courtesy of the elder scrolls wikia :
to answer the question in your title , ps3trophies list five of them as missable . here is the list : mehrunes’ razor sometime in the game you’ll get a message from a courier to visit the museum in dawnstar – visit it . visit it even if you don’t and start the “pieces of the past” quest to get your hands on mehrunes’ razor , which will send you to three places in skyrim to get the three pieces of the sword . ? you must kill silus at the end to get the artefact . savior’s hide in falkreath at the falkreath barracks ( east of town ) , downstairs in the falkreath jail you’ll find a chap called sinding who will give you his cursed ring and thus starts the quest , “ill met by moonlight . ” again , like the rest , you must choose to kill or risk not getting the reward . you cannot have the ring of hircine and savior 's hide . you must kill sinding instead of helping him . thanks to jamby for the info . it is possible to get both savior 's hide and the ring of hircine and have them both count . you will have to kill the hunters and then go back and kill sinding . thanks to rawra for confirming . masque of clavicus vile the first time you enter falkreath through the front gate the guard will mention something about the blacksmith’s dog going missing . speak to him and then go after the dog . when you meet the dog you’ll initiate the “a daedra’s best friend” quest and head off to haemar’s shame at the south of the large mountain with high hrothgar on it – east of helgen – note : you have to follow the dog but he has terrible path finding , so you could just meet him there . you’ll then set off to retrieve the rueful axe from rimrock burrow and return it . note : do not kill barbas with the axe when you return , give it back to clavicus and get the daedric masque . skull of corruption if you head to the windpeak inn in dawnstar you’ll see a bit of a situation arise with locals speaking to erandur regarding some night terrors they’ve been having . speak to erandur and start the “waking nightmare” quest . it’s a simple follow him , go here , go there trophy ( note : the dreamstride book is on the balcony area in the far corner ) but at the end when you get the chance to kill erandur whilst he’s performing the ritual , kill him and you’ll get the skull of corruption . if you don’t , he destroys it . ring of namira in markarth , in the understone keep you’ll find a priest called verulus who wants you to head into the hall of the dead to investigate what’s going on . the quest starts off as a miscellaneous objective and will soon turn into the quest , “the taste of death” once you’ve spoken to and agreed to help eola in clearing reachcliff cave . there is a potential that you could say no to helping eola… don’t ! in order to get the ring you have to kill verulus as he lies on the table and then eat his flesh . now , for what you put in the body , jwaddell just answered and i do not think i can add more . you can still try what daniel suggests in his comment on your question , which seems to be the only way to get the 15 items if you are not on a pc . . . !
there were no new modifiers added in 1.2 , so the modifiers for these items are the same as the ones for their respective classes . the best modifiers are : godly , for melee weapons that cannot have their speed modified , or for melee weapons that cannot have their size modified . ( that means melee weapons that are not swung . ) legendary , for other melee weapons demonic , for ranged weapons that have no knockback . unreal , for other ranged weapons . mythical , for magic weapons with knockback . for magic weapons without knockback , you can choose either mystic for reduced mana cost , or demonic for increased damage ; there is no clearly better option . the paladin 's hammer is a boomerang . although it is ranged , it does melee damage . since its speed/size cannot be modified , its best prefix is godly . the vampire knives , like boomerangs , is a ranged weapon that deals melee damage . its speed and size also cannot be modified , so its best prefix is godly . the golem fist looks like it is similar to the harpoon , in which case it is a ranged weapon with melee damage . its best prefix is , again , godly . the magical harp cannot have knockback , so its best modifier is mystic or demonic , depending on how you like to play . note : it seems like anything that does not consume ammo deals either melee damage or magic damage , even if it is a ranged weapon .
after some experimentation , i have noticed the following : monsters do indeed level up with you . you can see what level the monsters are currently by looking at the top right of the screen : the easiest way to tell monsters are gaining in power is by turning your difficulty up to something like torment and looking at their max health ( assuming you have health bars and numbers enabled ) . any monsters you were fighting when you leveled do not appear to level . i have escaped to town , hung out in town for a long while , and popped back to see the monsters i have fled from at the exact same hp/max hp i left them . however , when i started engaging new monsters that were off the screen , i observed the new creatures had much more health than previous mobs of their type . this behavior is different from when another player joins , where after several seconds all monsters gain a proportionally larger amount of health . monster health starts scaling up pretty fast , especially once you reach the 50s ( and presumably in the mid-to-upper 60s ) . thus , the difficulty gets harder as you are quickly gaining levels faster than you can acquire all-new gear and the bad guys are becoming harder to kill . the massive health/damage bonus of master and torment difficulties amplifies this effect . monsters are the same level as the game 's creator and level up with them . monsters never de-level . for example , if a 23 monk joins a game started by a 30 barbarian , the monsters will be level 30 , even if the barbarian leaves . they will remain level 30 until the monk hits 31 , and then will start gaining levels along with the monk .
update for ros : there is a new type of cursed chest , that does not cause a major ' cursed chest event ' and are mostly encountered in adventure mode . these new cursed chests are basically resplendent chests that are ' locked ' until the curse is lifted . when activated , they can do 1 of the following ( possibly more ) . spawn a champion pack that you have to take down in a limited time ( typically 30 seconds ) . spawn a hoard of monsters that you have to kill in a limited time . survive for x time/# of waves ( thanks doc ) spawn an act boss i.e. skeleton king . the major cursed chests still operates as follows : when you find a cursed chest , you will begin an event . the goal of the event is to reach 100 kills before the timer runs out . as soon as you open the chest , enemies will begin to spawn around the chest , starting out slowly but eventually reaching swarming levels . if you die , you can respawn but the timer will not stop during this period . at the end of the event , it will tell you how many monsters you have killed before the timer runs out . monsters killed after the timer has stopped do not count . but you have to kill them to ' complete ' the event to get the chests to spawn . if you do succeed in killing 100 monsters before the timer runs out , a second chest will spawn . each has a pretty high chance to drop 1 rare or better ( this is with almost no mf ) .
i have found out how to fix my problem at least . seems minecraft was throwing a permgen exception . i have 8 gigs of ram and in edit profile under jvm i added this -xmx6g -xms3g -xx:maxpermsize=128m
a few of the vanu sovereignty 's weapons do have bullet drop : the s1 ( the heavy assault 's default dumbfire rocket launcher ) the hades and nemesis rocket launchers ( when not locked on ) the bolt-action sniper rifles ( xm98 , parallax , ghost , and v10 ) all of the remaining vs-specific weapons have no bullet drop . arguably , sniper rifles and dumbfire rocket launchers are the only two types of weapon where lack of bullet drop would really be an advantage , but it does make shooting enemies at extreme range a wee bit easier . ( nb : i mostly play medic/engineer , so i am not 100% sure those are the only sniper rifles that have bullet drop . however , i am sure there are at least a few that do . )
there is just too many things in ff7 to list that are missable ( with many that are permanently missable ) without a guide . however , there is a nice missable items guide available if you choose to take a look .
the safe answer assume the following : $MINECRAFTDIR is the path to the minecraft directory containing your custom data : texture packs , saves , etc . mac os x : ~/Library/Application Support/minecraft linux : ~/.minecraft windows : C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Roaming\minecraft . $WORLDDIR is the name of the world directory ( e . g . World3 ) . the nether region information is stored in $MINECRAFTDIR/saves/$WORLDDIR/DIM-1/: if you delete the region folder within , minecraft will regenerate the nether . the first time you delete it , you might see significant changes ( especially after a terrain generation update like 1.8 or 1,9 ) , but if you do nothing and delete it again , you will notice nothing 's changed . that is because the nether and the real world share the same seed : the first delete just resets the nether back to its original state ( or its new state when the terrain generation code changes ) and , since the seed does not change , any subsequent deletes do nothing . so unfortunately , you can not create a completely new nether while keeping the same regular world intact . but you can at least wipe your nether clean or have it use the new terrain generation code after a major update . the oh-god-you are-messing-with-the-forces-of-nature answer it is possible to replace your current world 's seed with a new one which , when combined with the instructions above , will create a completely new nether . i have no idea about the long term implications this will have on your real world , but it should only affect new chunks , not existing ones . to do this , you will need a level . dat editor that lets you record and change your current position and export your inventory . i used invgrid to do this . note : this likely awakens the old gods , so be sure to backup your world folders before doing this . create a new world , and either enter a seed or randomly generate a new one . save and quit out of minecraft . open invgrid , and select your original world . under the misc . tab , note your current position ( and spawn point , if you want to keep it , although it is not that essential now that you can reset your spawn point with beds ) export your inventory , as you will be wiping it out shortly . save and quit out of invgrid . use the safe answer instructions to delete your world 's nether region ( tee-hee ) . in your world 's folder , delete level . dat . copy the level . dat file from the new world you created in step 1 to your curent world 's folder . open invgrid and select your world again . set your position to what you recorded in step 4 . import the inventory you exported in step 5 . save the world and quit invgrid . whisper dark incantations and sacrifice whatever live animals you have to appease the old gods . open minecraft and your world . you should now have a completely new nether : at least , it worked on the worlds i tested .
it looks like you need either a very high lock pick ( 99 ) or very high strength ( 99 ) to force open that door . with 99 lock pick it still took a couple of attempts . i never found a key that enabled easy opening of the door . quest inside is the dahanko flakes limited edition box of cereal quest .
diablo 3 is cross-region . it is the same as diablo 2 and starcraft 1 . you select the region in-game and can create characters on that region , and change at any time ( characters are not available cross-realm ) . it is not like sc2 where you need 4 versions . so , whether you buy the us or eu version , it differs not .
there is , but it depends on the progress you have made on vehicle thefts . if you have not yet stolen the vtol condor for bj barnes , start that activity . that should spawn stag troops in the park around the vtols that will magically appear there . instead of running off with their precious little plane , just hang around and remove the forces who are blowing it up protecting it .
so , this varies wildly by companion , but i will try to run down all of them . ed-e quest : ed-e my love trigger : recruit ed-e , then speak to johnson nash in primm , either in his shop ( after installing a new sheriff ) , or at the vicki and vance ( when you first arrive in town ) . reward : if you send ed-e to the brotherhood of steel , he will receive an upgrade to his armor ( +8dt ) , if you send him to the followers , they will a-charge up his lazors ( ~+50% damage , exact amount unconfirmed ) . notes : ed-e 's companion quest require that the robot ' overhear ' conversations with certain key npcs about topics such as the enclave , pre-war technology , etc . there is also an inherent time delay between the triggers - you can not trigger log 2 until 9 days after log 1 , and you will not hear from lorenzo or martimer for 2 days after that . rex quest : nothin ' but a hound dog trigger : this quest is acquired as you recruit rex . just speak to the king about rex , then julie farkas over at the old mormon fort , and then return to the king with the news that rex can be healed . rex is now recruited as a companion , and you will have this quest , to take him to jacobstown , in your log . reward : if you give rex violetta 's brain , he will receive a speed increase . rey 's brain increases his attack . lupa 's brain increases his max health . notes : you can also use an ncr guard dogs brain for this quest , but rex will gain no additional perk if you do so . lupas brain is currently bugged - it increases rexes current health by 100 , but not his maximum - once he takes 100 damage , the benefit is gone forever . cass quest : heartache by the numbers trigger : talk to cass at the mojave outpost . that is it . she will not join you , and you will not be able to begin working on this quest in earnest however , until you have completed the first few objectives of you can depend on me , bought out cassidy caravans , and actually recruited cass as a companion . reward : if you turn mclafferty and the van graffs in to the authorities with evidence , cass will gain the calm heart perk ( +50 hp ) . if you instead kill both , she will gain the hand of vengeance perk ( +15% damage with guns ) . notes : calm heart appears to have the same bug as lupas brain does for rex - it increases current , rather than maximum health . raul quests : crazy , crazy , crazy ( to recruit ) , old school ghoul ( unmarked quest to ' upgrade ' raul ) trigger : to trigger crazy , crazy , crazy , simply go to black mountain . neil will introduce himself and the quest will be added to your log . once best friend tabitha is dealt with , raul will be free to join you . old school ghoul will never appear in your log . to complete it , you simply need to introduce raul to ranger andy , corporal sterling , and loyal , and talk to raul about each . reward : after completing old school ghoul , you can have a conversation with raul about his role in the world , and his wild ' youth ' . if you convince him to return to his gunslinging days , he will gain the old vaquero perk , increasing his attack speed with revolvers and lever-action firearms by 33% . he will also put on his old cowboy outfit . if you instead convince him that his mechanical skills are more useful , his regular maintenance perk will be upgraded to full maintenance - reducing the rate at which equipment decays by 75% . he will also incorporate some armored padding into his petro-chico jumpsuit . notes : the triggers for old school ghoul can be inconsistent - particularly , if you have ever spoken to ranger andy before meeting raul , the dialog will sometimes not trigger . as of now , the only way known to get around this is to use the console on the pc . see the wiki for full details . boone quest : i forgot to remember to forget trigger : boone probably has the toughest companion quest to trigger . in order to get him to open up to you about what happened at bitter springs and begin this quest , you need to gain 5 ' trust points ' with boone . the easiest way to gain these points is killing legion with boone as a companion . lots and lots of legion . specifically , you can gain : 3 points at camp mccarran . 1 point if , when interrogating the legion prisoner , he ' accidentally ' dies , and another 2 during i put a spell on you - 1 for killing the spy , and 1 for defusing the bomb . 2 points for rescuing the powder ganger hostages to complete the quest booted 2 points for killing everyone at cottonwood cove to complete eye for an eye 1 point for mercy killing the crucified soldiers in nelson during back in your own backyard - 2 points for saving them instead . 1 point for killing vulpes inculta 2 points for killing caesar as you gain points , speak to boone regularly ( read : every time you gain a point ) to have him open up and discuss more of his past . be sure to speak to either manny vargas in novac or sergeant bitter-root at mccarran about bitter springs . eventually boone will tell you about bitter springs and this quest will go into your log . reward : boones default armor upgrades to 1st recon survival or 1st recon assault armor ( depending on conversation choices ) . the difference is purely cosmetic - both offer a dt of 15 . veronica quest : i could make you care trigger : as with boone , veronicas quest is triggered by the accumulation of ' trust points ' . in veronicas case , these are gained by taking her to a variety of locations in the wasteland and talking to certain npcs . you need to have 3 of these conversations to trigger veronica 's quest : at camp mccarran , you can trigger two of these conversations . one simply by walking into the base for the first time , and another by discussing osi and it is goals with dr . hildern . vault 3 - just before entering for the first time . casa madrid apartments - after talking to anderson about his water operation and beginning the quest the white wash freeside - speak with julie farkas at the old mormon fort , or take her by the silver rush to see the van graff 's stockpile of energy weapons . nellis air force base - at the boomer museum , after pete 's ' tour ' has concluded . repconn test site - if veronica is with you when jason bright explains his ghoulie heaven 's gate mission to fly in to space . nipton and nelson - just take veronica to these two towns . reward : if you convince veronica to stay with the brotherhood , she will gain the bonds of steel perk ( +4 dt ) . if you instead convince her that she is better off leaving to join the followers , she will gain the causeless rebel perk , which increases her unarmed attack speed by 30% . notes : there is also an unmarked ' side quest ' for veronica . she wants a dress . more than anything in the world , she just wants a really pretty dress . give her some formal wear ( easiest to find at the ultra-luxe ) , and she will be overwhelmed with gratitude - she will teach you the scribe counter , a special attack usable with unarmed weapons . lily quests : guess who i saw today , unnamed additional ' quest ' . trigger : for guess who i saw today , just talk to doctor henry about the nightkin schizophrenia and his search for a cure . this makes lily a recruitable companion . in addition , once the courier has travelled with lily for a bit , you may begin to hear a recording of her grandchildren . once you have listened to the whole recording , you can discuss it with lily . reward : after discussing lily 's grandchildren , you can give her advice about how she should continue with her medication . if you recommend she stop taking it , she will gain some permanent stat increases , but she will continue to frenzy and become uncontrollable at half health . if you suggest she continue to take half-doses , she will only frenzy at 25% hp instead of 50% , and will calm down immediately if you sneak . if you suggest she switch to full doses , she will never frenzy , but will suffer some permanent stat penalties . arcade quest : for auld lang syne trigger : as with boone and veronica , arcades quest can be triggered through a point system - however , you can completely skip this process if you are idolized with the followers of the apocalypse . to gain points with arcade : complete side quest that lucky old sun with arcade , and direct the power from helios one to freeside . take arcade for a visit to the crashed vertibird , the repconn test site , repconn headquarters , the silver rush in freeside , or the nuclear test house at the old nuclear test site . complete side quest the white wash - framing the scorpion gang is arcades preferred outcome , but even if you arrest anderson , so long as you keep westside supplied with water , he will be happy . finally , you can bypass this whole process and jump right to the end by taking arcade to the fort after receiving the mark of caesar . when he objects to being taken right to the heart of the legion , tell him that you are just there to talk , see what caesar is up to , and get out as quickly as possible . additionally , arcades quest will not trigger until you have locked yourself in to one of the four end-game paths . if you have not yet locked yourself in , the dialog necessary to trigger this quest will not appear . rewards : power armor training , remnants power armor ( arguably the best armor in the game ) , support from the remnants in the final battle ( if legion/ncr . if you are running wild card or with mr . house , you may end up fighting them . ) with a speech check , you can also get the gannon family tesla armor . notes : after completing this quest , you will permanently lose arcade as a companion . it is unclear however , whether this loss is intended , or a bug .
in order of appearance : valus is roughly 70 feet ( 21m ) tall . quadratus is about 98 feet high , and 115 ft long from head to tail . gaius is 97 feet tall . phaedra is 98 feet tall , and about 90 feet long . avion is 140 feet from beak to tail with a 130 foot wingspan . barba is 80 feet tall . hydrus is 280 feet long . kuromori is 16 feet tall , and only 56 feet long . basaran is 75 feet tall , 160 feet in length . dirge is 260 feet long . celosia is tied as the smallest colossus at only 12 feet tall and 18 feet long . pelagia is 89 feet tall , and 100 feet long . phalanx is absolutely massive ( the largest colossus in fact ) , clocking in at 557 feet long , with a wingspan of 200 feet . cenobia is the other smallest colossus at 12 high and 18 long . argus is 75 feet tall . malus is 195 feet tall - roughly double the height of any of the other ' upright ' colossi .
after performing some research , i am ready to present my findings . i have taken a relatively hungry character , and started sampling various foods to see how much each type would alleviate my hunger : snail slice : weight : 2.4kg gain : 101 pixels herder cap : weight : 1.8kg gain : 98 pixels mole jerky : weight : 1.4kg gain : 84 pixels baked maggot : weight : 1.1kg gain : 75 pixels boiled crag beetle : weight : 0.5kg gain : 57 pixels grim cap : weight : 0.3kg gain : 57 pixels so it would seem that as a general rule , the heavier the food , the more it reduces hunger ( with the exception of the girm cap and the beetle , which reduce the same amount of hunger ) .
plague of toads is quite an interesting ability . pros : very high damage very cost effective applies poison damage ( for badmedicine ) spammable aoe cons : very short ranged/unreliable even at medium range expensive for a primary ( not sustainable without some sort of mana boost ) the runes generally change one of these properties - toad affinity " fixes " the mana , rain of toad fixes the range , explosive toads sacrifices the poison in exchange for more damage . the key question is " when would i use toads over poison dart or spiders ? " . compared to both spiders and poison dart , toads have lower single-target damage , and much shorter range , so toads are a better option if you are able to be in the think of it and have enough damage for priority targets in your build and have some slack in your mana needs . in exchange , you get a lot more damage into groups . if you can meet these requirements , plague of toads will put out a lot more damage - you can reliably hit 3 targets in melee range , putting out 390% dps unruned to a splinter dart 's 180% . it synergizes well with pet builds , and with bad medicine ( and jungle fortitude as well ) , which provide the sort of tankiness you need to stand toe-to-toe and spam toads and are easy on the mana . it also synergizes with locust swarm , which has similar strengths and weaknesses , haunt provides some complementary single-target damage and grasp helps bunch things up so you can land more toads , and with soul harvest/fetish ambush/mass confusions because you will be in the right position to get a lot of value out of these pbaoe abilities anyway . it does not synergize very well with horrify , because the spell breaks up your packs of targets , nor with spirit barrage or acid cloud , because of the mana concerns . overall , it is a lot more awkward than darts and spiders does need a lot more support from the rest of your build , especially as the enemies start to hit a lot harder , but it does have some interesting strengths in specific sorts of builds .
i play lots of ets . the delivery range provides information on the earliest time , given optimal conditions , that you would be able to deliver the cargo . the latter time , as you pointed out , was the deadline , where arriving afterwards incurs a penalty . i have not noticed any particular bonus for delivering earlier - other than not being late . i think the first time is really a guide as to when you can reasonably expect to arrive given perfect conditions .
what threw me about dispelling is that it does not matter where you click . you do not have to click inside the circle when it is over the rune , you just have to click period . effectively , you are playing a circular version of dance-dance revolution -- you want to click when the circle overlaps with the rune exactly . missing a rune entirely will re-lock every unlocked rune immediately , meaning you will have to do it again . hit a bomb or run out of time , you detonate the ward . the goal is to get all the runes clicked at once . i do not think it is possible for the order you click the runes to matter - as long as you are clicking them in order around the circle ( and avoiding the bombs ) , you should dispel it in a revolution or two . higher difficulty both the speed of the rotating ring and the time you have to activate all the runes change with level , with the speed increasing , and the time decreasing . improving one 's dispelling skill has the opposite effect . success !
info for the races found here realistically it does not matter much . race only gives you a ( fairly minor ) passive and a pretty weak active - both of which are only really particularly useful at the very beginning of the game . the skill bonuses are also very easy to level your own . that said , the ' best ' if you absolutely must min-max can depend . altmer ( high elves ) have +50 magicka and the highborn passive , which allows you to regenerate magicka 25x faster for a minute , once per day . they also have initial bonuses in all the magic schools ( +10 illusion and +5 in the rest ) , and start with fury . breton have resist magic 25% ( which can be useful in some situations ) , dragonskin , which allows you to absorb 50% of the magicka from hostile spells for 60 seconds once per day , and like altmer have initial bonuses in all the magicka schools ( except destruction ) ( +10 in conjuration and +5 in the rest ) , and start with conjure familiar . dunmer ( dark elves ) have resist fire 25% , ancestor 's wrath , which makes nearby enemies take 8 fire damage per second for 60 seconds once a day , and have an initial bonus in several magicka schools ( +10 destruction , +5 alteration and illusion ) . they also start with the sparks skill . argonians are always worth a mention due to their innate waterbreathing , 50% poison resist , and histskin ( recover health 10x faster for 60 seconds , once per day ) , and also start with +5 alteration and restoration . khajiit get the night eye skill ( improved night vision for 60 seconds ) which is useful , though you can get spells/enchantments that have similar effects . realistically though , i would say choose the race you like the appearance or lore of the most . once you get past the first few levels the passives and powers do not have much noticeable effect except for very situationaly .
so my basic question is . . . are windows 7 32-bit users doomed to never be able to play old games like that ? this really depends on the game . windows 95 was microsoft 's first 32-bit operating system , but designed to give a lot of compatibility to let enable earlier 16-bit software from ms-dos and earlier versions of windows to still run . some games of this time were built completely on the 32-bit architecture , while some use those compatibility features or other libraries of the time ( such as wing ) that are no longer supported by modern versions of windows . for dos games , your best bet is the dosbox emulator , which is now the de-facto standard for running dos games . for anything else that might rely on windows 3.1 compatibility layers or older libraries , things get trickier . if you have a way to acquire the old operating system , you might have some success using a vm such as virtualbox , installing the os , the game and any additional software and running the game that way . this would probably be your best bet for a generic solution running multiple games of this type . for some games , you might get lucky . in some cases fans or modders have figured out ways to get specific games running on more modern systems . if there is only a handful of games you are trying to run , you may get more helpful answers by asking this question for each game you are attempting to play .
this is just the number of charges the streamer 's " pile of coal " has remaining . in short , it has nothing to do with twitch , but it is a consumable item that used to drop from frostivus gifts during greeviling in december 2012 . you can use them ingame for a simple animation ( coal goes from your hero to the target ) with no consequence on gameplay but they have limited use . most people kept them as a " souvenir " without using charges . more info ( wiki page )
you can not just cancel a queued batch . you can , however , do one of the following : any time before the batch begins to brew , you can queue up a different batch and replace the originally queued batch . when you have nothing brewing but something is queued ( such as when your holding area is full ) , you can fire an employee to cancel the batch . with either workaround , any ingredients purchased but unused will remain in your inventory .
exploring creates the ai empires . being near an ai empire causes them to be active . ai empires that are far enough away from you will go dormant until you get close to their territory again . in spore , i find it fairly easy to just outrun non-grox enemy empires--- as long as i do not have any ally empires . allies drag you into all sorts of trouble , like having to run back to their area to laser a few sick wild life or because they are under attack from grox or pirates . ai empires that are not at war with you can be bribed into liking you or at least being neutral . so trading spice and bribing ai is always a possible tactic as well .
you might want to double-check your wolf bites . wolves have a chance of carrying " rockjoint " , a disease which decreases your melee damage dealt . npcs use those responses for all diseases , not just porphyric hemophilia sanguinare vampiris ( aka , vampirism ) . so the good news : you are probably not accidentally a vampire . but the npcs are probably right too - you are suffering from something . the simplest way to fix all this is to cast a cure disease spell on yourself , chug a cure disease potion , or the like . visiting a temple in any city and praying at their altar will instantly cleanse non-vampire / werewolf diseases from the afflicted , and give you a temporary buff to boot .
i got it . kill the bug that is bugging the guy at the bottom , then spawn a bed .
if you have been following the story , you will know . try fighting some and it should be clearer . the time was wound back , sort of , so the bosses all came back . and harder . but hey , new opportunities for more exp and jp
if i remember well ( which i may not , as it is been > 5 years since i have played the game ) , the second disc is roughly as long as the first one , or perhaps a bit shorter . the third disc consists of the " endgame " bits -- the final dungeon , plus all the optional sidequests and bosses . depending on how much of this side content you do , you could stretch your playtime quite far . if you just consider the main storyline , however , you are pretty much halfway through .
those items belong to another faction , in this case the powder gangers . this is stealing , as far as the game is concerned and is punished with karma loss . the game does not take into account whether you are allied with a faction or whether they hate you and shoot you on sight , it always is counted as stealing . fallout morality is slightly schizophrenic , killing powder gangers is good but stealing from them is bad . you have to accept that as a quirk of the game , there is no way to make sense of that . but do not worry , karma is not really important ( details in this question ) and you earn enough karma anyway if you are playing good .
you need to pick up three pieces of intel on eden prime to complete this mission , it sounds like you only picked up the first one . you can see this walkthrough on the mass effect wikia for the locations of the intel . i suspect that reloading a save where you are still on eden prime or have not started the mission yet is your only chance to complete it , if you can not visit eden prime after finishing the main mission .
an amulet of talos will reduce the time between shouts by 20% . i believe this stacks with the +20% to shout recovery from shrines to talos , which will knock a whopping 40% off your recovery time . sadly , you cannot disenchant the amulet and learn to make your own +shout recovery items . also the dragon mask morokei ( requires unofficial bugfix patch ) adds another 20% getting you to 60% .
hippogryphs have additional utility beyond air-to-air combat . if you have a hippogryph and an archer , you can combine the two into a hippogryph rider . the hippogryph rider has a shorter range than the archer , but are capable of ranged air-to-ground attacks that neither the hippogryph or the archer can do alone . they do the same damage as archers but are faster and can see further . this makes hippogryph riders good units for harassment , scouting , or as part of your general army composition . the ability to morph the hippogryph/archer into the rider situationally is what makes them so powerful in any match . if your opponent has a large ground melee force , morph into riders . if they have a lot of anti-air , morph back and use your archers . if you are going against a lot of air units , attack with your hippogryphs sans riders .
a l2 resonator is 1500 xm . a l1 burster can make at most 150 xm damage ( if you are exactly on the resonator as mentioned by banditobunny ) . you will need at least 10 bursters to destroy 1 l2 resonator . here you will find the different levels of bursters and resonators .
the eagle eye perk + the illusion silent casting perk + telekinesis will let you scope out a room for expensive items to yoink . aside from that , there is really nothing exclusive to telekinesis . ; '&lt ;
as already commented , you can max out or grind any skills with any race in skyrim , so choice of race for archery will not really matter in the long run . if you want to have an additional boost for archery at the early parts of the game , the bosmer ( wood elves ) are strongly suited for archery . they have a +10 bonus to the archery skill and a +5 bonus to sneak ( to help deal sneak attacks ) . if roleplaying , the bosmer are known as being " the best archers in all of tamriel , the bosmer snatch and fire arrows in one continuous motion ; they are even rumored to have invented the bow " . in-game description describes them as making " good scouts and thieves , and there are no finer archers in all of tamriel " . source : http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:bosmer and http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim%3abosmer as for the choice of bows , see this question : skyrim bows : light or heavy one ?
permissions ' functionality is being built in to bukkit . there is a transitional plugin in the meantime called permissionsbukkit so that plugin authors can start using the new built-in permissions api before it is completely rolled into the server . this is the version that you will need to install to be able to use most of the actively-maintained bukkit plugins .
weapons that regenerate ammo note , the following two weapons require a purchase of the ultimate vault hunter upgrade pack avenger counterbution revengence . the reckoning . – high overall stats . behaves like a bouncing betty grenade when reloaded . regenerates smg ammo when wielded . butcher fresh meat ! – very low pellet count . greatly increased fire rate . achieves maximum accuracy much more quickly than other hyperion shotguns . magazine randomly refills a random amount of ammo as it is fired , giving it a wildly variable magazine size in use . fire rate highly increases under sustained fire . grenade mods that regenerate ammo the following 4 mods will require purchase of the dlc , tiny tina 's assault on dragonkeep lightning bolt what is a jigawatt ? – always shock . regenerates grenade ammo over time . shoots straight forward with a lightning graphic and explodes on impact . character may shout " lightning bolt ! " and a custom throwing sound will be heard after use while playing in tiny tina 's assault on dragon keep . chain lightning do not pay it back , pay it forward . – always shock . regenerates grenade ammo over time . shoots a bolt of lightning straight forward that explodes on impact and arcs to nearby targets . character may shout " lightning bolt ! " after use while playing in tiny tina 's assault on dragon keep . fireball porkchop sandwiches ! – always incendiary . regenerates grenade ammo over time . shoots a slow moving fireball straight forward that explodes on impact . when used , has a custom sound effect when thrown and the character may shout " fireball ! " while in the dlc tiny tina 's assault on dragon keep . fire storm what manner of man are you that can summon up fire without flint or tinder ? – always incendiary . regenerates grenade ammo over time . shoots a fireball straight forward that explodes on impact . four additional fireballs spawn above the spot of the original explosion and fall to the ground . character may shout " fireball ! " upon use while playing in tiny tina 's assault on dragon keep . magic missile no wand required . just point and shoot . – always slag . grenades slowly regenerate over time . two ( blue rarity ) or four ( purple rarity ) child grenades home in on targets and explode instantly . character may shout " magic missile ! " after use while playing in tiny tina 's assault on dragon keep . weapons that do not consume any ammo infinity : it is closer than you think ! ( no it is not ) – does not consume ammunition . shots fired form a fixed lemniscate ( ∞ ) pattern , ignoring normal recoil behavior . increased accuracy when aiming down the sights . as an extra note , you will need to have at least 1 bullet of pistol ammo , or the infinity will not fire . some vladof launchers : vladof launchers can have the special ability " reduced ammo consumption , " which means that every third shot fired is not deducted from either the magazine or the player 's ammo stock . this is coupled with lower base damage , though the overall destructive capacity of the weapon remains roughly the same as an equivalent launcher from most other manufacturers .
there is no way to find a pre-built galacticraft rocket in your world . even though it might show up on your radar station ( puu . sh/bnpdz/b23e02d6f3 . png ) , there is nothing there .
the only performance metric that affects ip calculations is whether you win or lose . the only other variable item that affects ip calculation is the length of the game . ( more time spent = more ip earned ) so if you win fast , you will get less ip than if you win after an hour of hardfought fighting . what is important to note is that on average the amount of ip gained / time spent is the same . ( 3 games at 20 minutes each should equal 1 game at 60 minutes each , for instance ) .
these items are used to complete imperial assignments . you can tap on the floor below your arrivals floor ( it is not named in the game , but some tips early-on explain its use ) to see - and complete - the current assignment . these assignments require an increasing amount and variety of imperial items .
that statue is relevant very , very late in the game . i will write when in the spoiler tag you get the missing red eye after finishing the final silent realm , once placing it in the statue , it unlocks the final dungeon , containing the triforce
all orange items , stripped of mods , lack stats of any kind . this gives players the option to keep a piece they really like the look of , and simply upgrade the mods , armor , and enhancements , to keep pace with those who swap out pants like hotcakes . even for weapons , base damage is based on the hilt / barrel involved , and is thus fully scalable .
making stronger potions and poisons ( e . g . a higher gold value ) gives more experience . thus , all perks that makes your potions stronger also helps you gain more experience per potion . these perks are alchemist , physician , poisoner and benefactor which all boosts the strength of your potions . the alchemist perk is probably the best , since it boosts the effect of both potions and poisons whilst the others only boost certain types of potions . physician makes potions that restore health , magicka or stamina better , poisoner makes poisons more powerful and i believe that benefactor makes all potions that enhances your stats better . however , alchemist is needed to get the physician perk and physician is needed to get the benefactor and the poisoner perk .
this is an old question but the current answer is now out of date . as of patch 1.2 the game supports the ability to move around most or possibly all of the ui elements that appear on screen and in general has a lot more customisation options than at launch . http://www.swtor.com/info/media/trailers/quick-look-ui-customization is an official video demonstrating this . you can access this through a small button just above the lock toolbars button on your toolbar or through the main options menu ( ie where you had go to select change preferences ) . it includes three different defaults that you can use either as is or as a starting point ofr your own customisations . the three options are a simple form with one action bar , the extended quickbars which gives you all the quickbars active and one that seems very similar to the standard wow layout that i think is called " classic " or something similar .
all achievements are secret achievements in the secret of monkey island : special edition , so here is the list of all achievements and their descriptions . ( source ) the three trials completed part one : the three trials . guybrush proved himself worthy to be a pirate . the journey complete part two : the journey . guybrush used a voodoo spell to travel to monkey island™ under monkey island completed part three : under monkey island . guybrush traveled into the monkey head and got the root . guybrush kicks butt completed last part : guybrush kicks butt . guybrush stopped lechuck from marrying elaine marley . sharp tongue guybrush learned all of the insults , and is the wittiest/deadliest pirate what ever swung a sword . ten minutes later . . . guybrush can hold his breath for 10 minutes , but not any longer than that . escape artist escaped from the monkey island cannibals hut 5 times . recordkeeper collected all of the notes and memos sent between herman toothrot , lechuck and the cannibals . human cannonball finished the entire game in record time . we hope you were wearing a helmet ! old school experienced the original , classic adventure game , as it was in the early 90s . determined completed the game without using any hints . marooned everyone re-marooned herman toothrot and marooned carla , otis and meathook on monkey island™ .
those words are your character 's title . the title is taken from the classmod you have equipped . there are over 100 different titles possible , so instead of writing out the whole list here , i will link to the lists of class mods on the borderlands 2 wiki . commando siren gunzerker assassin mechromancer under possible skill boost on those pages , the word in parentheses goes before the name of the classmod , so the title of a commando with the first mod and variant on the list would be front line engineer . this title replaces your normal class name .
if you do 10 overlord instead of 9 , you will wait longer to continue producing drones since you are supply-blocked for the time the overlord is " in production " . i guess the amount of time you lose outweighs the minerals you gain from one additional drone ( 10 instead of 9 ) . liquipedia clearly states 9ol as the best build economy wise . update : here 's the forum post that is quoted in liquipedia . you will find all the numbers there .
20% of your followers ' +xp , magic find and gold find are added to your corresponding stat . http://www.diablofans.com/blizz-tracker/topic/218401-follower-gold-magic-find-equipment/
this is random . your mission starts off with a base objective , but always has a chance to either a ) finish your objective , and a new one pops up , or b ) start an objective , have it cancelled and replaced with a new one .
no , ruins and villages are generated with the world , not actively built . if that changes in a future update , then it might not be required then , but for now all new geographic features require you to generate new chunks . the usual way of doing this is just making a new world with all new chunks , but if you walk to places that you have not yet , then new chunks will generate . ( potentially with new features . ) it is still recommended that you generate a new world though since you might have to walk a while to get to new parts , the boundary between versions might not line up right , and biomes might shift ( especially with the addition of a new one ) , but if you have not explored much or really like it so far , it might be worth it .
i will try to narrow down this ( indeed ) large question . first of all i will have to disagree that tanks counter bruisers . i will also disagree that darius counters teemo . a good link to see specifics on who counters who is this : lolcounter but in general , i would say that the best way to counter any champion is to see what he can do and think of a champion that thrives under those conditions . for example darius is an exceptionally good dueler . which basically means that if you get close to him he will most likely beat you to death . he also has a pull to get you close to him which is pretty close range though . so what you need to beat him is enough movement speed to stay away from his pull while being able to harass him from a distance . it seems to me that both jayce and teemo are good for this task . teemo has passively increased movement speed from his w , has one the best harassing mechanisms in the game and even if by any chance you get caught , blinding darius can win you some time to get away again using your w active and any escaping summoner spells you might have . you have to be a very careless teemo in order to lose to any ad melee bruiser without a jump or a gap closer of some kind . so here is an answer to your question . if played correctly teemo counters the majority of ad bruisers @ top . lets say you have someone that jumps/dashes in your face like jax , irelia , xin zhao , diana . those champions could be a problem for teemo right ? well then you need someone that excels at close range or that has a good area of dominance . in my personal opinion a good champion to counter those dashers is yorick . anyone who jumps on yorick will get punished by having 3 ghouls in his face . yorick will win most trades and yorick will have more sustain in the lane . garen can also punish those jumpers , because if you jump on a garen you will get silenced and spinned , and if he times his shield correctly he will most likely not get any damage . and when the fight is over garen will sit off a bit and regen . i ' m only talkin about top lane cause thats where you were heading with your question . and top lane is only 1v1 . sometimes you have to see the whole picture . for example if you see the opponents having a kennen or a fiddlesticks you have to think to yourself : " what is the main strength of those champions ? " and the answer would be that they have devastating and potentially game changing area of effect ( aoe ) ultimates . the you ask yourself : " well how to i stop them from destroying my entire team in teamfights ? " and the answwer would be i can shield my entire team to negate the damage or i can just push them out of the teamfightwhen they use their ultimates . then you ask yourself : " who can push them out ? " , " alistar can but its only for 1 champion , is there someone who can do for more of them ( if there are more than 1 ) ? " answer is janna ( ultimate ) . and thats basically how it goes . but really check out the link i gave you cause it is really really useful for this task . edit : so regarding the general guidelines you were asking for . the problem is that roles do not matter when it comes to countering someone . i mean you can not say with absolute certainty that tanks counter adcs because there are certain adcs like vayne for example that can easily kill tanks late game due to the fact that they do true damage to them every 3 hits . with enough attack speed vayne can choke down the health of almost any tank despite any armor . the answer to what counters vayne is : reduction of attack speed , which one can find in frozen heart or malphite 's ( e ) ground slam . but you see the problem here is if i told you tanks counter adcs which is true for the majority of the champions you could easily pick lets say mundo against a vayne and lose . the key in countering are mechanics not roles . that is why i insist that if you can not ( which is absolutely normal if you are level 20 ) think on your own about your opponents mechanics and what/who counters them then just use this really useful tool that i gave you which also suggests items and summoner spells against every champion . edit2 : well luckily enough i found this spreadsheet with the full list that you wanted . i reviewed it a bit to see if i agree with it and it looks ok on most parts so there you go : full lol counter list
a " kill lane " in bottom is a different strategy of winning your lane . a very general definition of " winning your lane " is that you have generated more gold , experience , and map presence than your lane opponent ( s ) . in bottom lane , the standard strategy is to get a lane with high sustain and ranged attacks which reduces the potential for being harassed and reduces the impact of harassment by having heals , shields , or other damage mitigation . this is essentially a " farm lane . " your goal is to get as much creep score ( cs ) as possible , and hopefully some kills along the way to bolster the amount of gold and experience you receive ( as well as reduce the amount your opponents receive ) . by contrast , a " kill lane " is one where the focus is on killing your opponents . usually this is accomplished by having two characters with crowd-control , at least one of whom can also deal fair damage . you would normally pick a kill lane to counter a farm lane , which often has at least one character considered " squishy " ( low hp , armor , and/or magic resist ) , making the kills easier . commonly chosen combinations are jarvan and leona , sion and nautilus , and ( more antiquated due to taric 's lack of damage ) taric and sion . the reasoning is that each of these groups either have a large amount of cc , burst potential , tankiness ( so they can tower-dive and are hard to get out of lane ) , or a combination of all three . sion makes a great choice because of his stun and burst potential . you can also build ad sion and rely on your extra damage from enrage in combination with your stun . leona has fair damage when paired with someone else because of her passive ability , and also has three crowd-control mechanisms at level 6 . jarvan is a good choice with her because he has two crowd-control measures of his own and has similar mobility . nautilus is prized for the same reasons as jarvan , but his passive gives him an additional crowd control opportunity ( though he lacks the same damage and farming potential as jarvan ) . while it is obvious that you get gold and experience from repeatedly killing your lane , those numbers become less significant as the game goes on ( assuming you are even successful ) . additionally , at first glance , it seems like you would not be able to generate as much gold for your lane as a strict farm lane could ( given the diminishing returns of killing the same player over and over ) . however , there are important indirect results of the kill lane : first and foremost is that your opponents become easy to zone out of experience and cs even if you do not kill them . killing them of course means they spend more time out of lane . so while you may not be generating as much if you were simply farming , they are generating far less as well . killing your lane gives you the chance to gank mid , top , or counter-jungle which not only gives you some extra gold , but also increases the gap between your allies and their respective lanes . repeatedly killing your opponents gives you more opportunity to push the tower which can be an important gold , experience , and map presence boost early on . it also aids in accessing the lower portion of your opponent 's jungle . a kill lane plus your jungler should easily be able to take down dragon very early , again providing an important gold bonus to your team and helping to establish control of that objective .
when confronted with a bounty , you have several options , which are detailed in the answer to this question . in your particular case , you can not declare thaneship . you have also indicated that you had rather not lose skill progress . in this case , you still have several options : if you have got cash on hand , you could just pay it off . the guards will leave you alone at this point . no harm , no foul . if you have some thief skills , you could get caught . if you sleep in the bed , you will lose progress in some number of skills towards the next level , but if you break out then it is all good . this does clear your inventory , however , and you will have to sneak to get your stuff back . your " owned " items are returned , but if you want your " stolen " items back , you will need to pick a pretty hard lock . in some cases , people have reported issues after having their inventory cleared . i would suggest saving first . if you are " in " with the thieves ' guild , you can bribe the guards , which is often cheaper than paying off a particularly high bounty . however , getting the bribe option requires that you have already completed some quests for the guild in that particular hold . not something you could fix if you have not done it already , but an option to consider for the future . with regards to skill loss : you will not lose entire points , just progress towards your next point . so if your one-handed is at 50 and you are halfway to 51 , you might lose that halfway to 51 progress , but you will not go from level 50 to level 49 . in my opinion , the far more irritating part is the glitches that sometimes occur when your inventory is dumped into the chest , and the potential difficulty of recovering any items marked as " stolen . "
to reinforce weapons to +11 and higher , you need to give the very large ember to the blacksmith in the undead parish . it can be found in the new londo ruins after you have drained the water .
after extensive testing i have found out that the problem is with the level on which the door is in relation to the surrounding . each door needs to have at least 4 blocks in each direction on the same level as the door itself . 0000000000000 001111XXXXXX0 001111X1111X0 001111X1BB1X0 001111D1111X0 001111X1111X0 001111X1111X0 001111X1111X0 001111XXXXXX0 0000000000000  0 , 1 - ground levels , X - wall , B - bed , D - door
the way that notoriety works in the frontier is as follows : in most areas you are locked to one notoriety , this means you can not gain or lose in those areas . in concord and lexington , you will be reduced to incognito mode if there is someone there you need to talk to . the same happens for homestead missions and huntsman missions . if the game bugs and you gain notoriety , than you can lose it by moving zones or grabbing a wanted poster that spawns in lexington ( left over , i am sure , from an earlier version before the decision to force notoriety in the frontier )
since this game only support local co-op , you cannot invite a player into your game session . local co-op means you can only play it with others in front of your computer .
you can do that here : general niantic " contact us": https://support.google.com/ingress/#contact=1 report an issue with a portal : https://support.google.com/ingress/#contact=1 and ts=2848642 the options you asked for are only available there , not in the mobile app ( yet ) .
i have seen this same error yesterday . run steam ( not sure if administrator privilege is needed ) , right-click on the game name and go to properties , then local files . there , click on verify integrity of game cache . i did that yesterday on a friend 's , and skyrim launched without problems after that . op edit : results works !
the location is called the scrapyard , you can find it ne of vault 101 , just a little to the south of minefield .
it is perfectly normal to continue leveling ! once you hit level 80 , you will continue to gain xp . every time you level after ( 254,000 xp ) , you will gain a skill point ! these skill points can be used as currency for purchasing mystic forge crafting items from miyani in lion 's arch .
is one of them age of kings ? that ds game has a save game bug that fries the cartridge , making it unusable .
roid damage increases melee damage , though apparently only when the shield is depleted . not class specific , though .
it only shows it for ranked stats but if you want to see your overall stats try using http://www.lolstatistics.com although it does not show your personal champion stats it does show your overall k . d champion kills sperate to turrets but also shows how many netural monsters youve killed its nice for tracking your gameplay and seeing area 's your a bit weaker on
i have experienced this same thing . i believe it is because when you make an offer which is not accepted , it lowers the friendliness of the merchant towards you , causing them to be less willing to accept a lower profit , and to try to demand a higher profit . i usually follow a rule of giving them a profit approximately half as much as the value of the traded goods . following this rule , i very rarely have problems with them not immediately accepting .
/u/reaa over at reddit did some experiments which seems to line up with my experiences : number of turns do not matter , we tried spaming end turn till both were out of cards => 0 exp time doesnt matter , we had a short break midgame , didnt change the exp at all one player finishing the other who does nothing = normal exp for the first , 0 exp for the 2nd both player trading cards until both run out of cards = shitload of exp you cant get more than 1 level up per game , excessive exp is saved the primary ( only ? ) factor for experience gained seems to be cards played . either the more cards you play the more experience , or the more rounds played where at least one card is played . i then imagine there is a multiplier for winning , seems to be about 1.5x . to date , there is no published formula . also , since there is not actually a " number " associated with your experience ( just an arbitrary bar ) , it can not be calculated by players .
according to the unofficial half-life : portal wiki , yes , it is the same oracle turret ! the article 's overview reads thus : this turret made its first appearance during the courtesy call chapter , in which it has been seen by chell and a newly-disengaged wheatley , laying in a powerless aperture science pipe network for many years since the enrichment center 's destruction . the aforementioned tube is layered beside a catwalk leading to a hallway nearing the ruined central ai chamber . the turret , desperate to be saved from the tube , tries to alert chell for help by asking " hello ? " , however wheatley directs chell to divert her attention away from the turret and generally neglecting it . this neglect finally causes the turret to mention " i am different . . . " as the two abandon it . it remains only in silence after this . there is no way to get the turret out of the pipes , even if chell continues to focus on it . the turret , now referred to as the oracle turret for its wisdom , is seen for the last time in the chapter the escape , where it is seen heading towards incineration ( referred to as " redemption " by the announcer ) on a conveyor belt consisting of broken turrets , as seen in the turret manufacturing department . when chell chooses to save it from " redemption " , the turret spouts a variety of cryptic phrases , in a similar vein to the all-knowing vortigaunt from half-life 2 . some of these phrases reference cave johnson 's ' do not make lemonade ' speech and mentions johnson 's secretary and assistant , caroline . once saved , the oracle turret cannot accompany the player since the player must pass through an emancipation grill before continuing .
you can use a ward ( lesser ward is easy ) and walk over it . it will not go off as long as your magic does not run out just as you are walking over it .
this is a special ability the rebel faction has . you can not stop them from bypassing your space fleet . it is called a " raid fleet " . it is limited in size ( maximum of four , non-hero units ) , so they can not bring a ton of units , but they do get to go straight to the planet 's surface . the rebel single-player campaign has a pretty good introduction to their use . as far as i know , the only defense you can mount , really , is to make sure that every important planet has sufficient forces garrisoned to defend . you can not stop them from taking you by surprise , but you can make sure your defenses are good .
without nametags , you cannot stop squids despawning in vanilla minecraft .
the materials showing are what you need to buy to construct the item ( e . g . in your first example you need 620 more ( tungsten ? ) . if you have enough materials already the cost will be zero and the blueprint is just a shortcut for building it manually .
i do not believe that you can get access to all the content with a retail package on the consoles , and i would imagine that the extra parts will be released as dlc at a later date . however , on the pc the digital deluxe edition will include all the 3 missions as well as the mp content . there is a table on wikipedia which lists the editions and which things you get , which could be helpful . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassin's_creed_iii#retail_editions
if you lose your connection to battle .netfor more than a minute or so , achievements are automatically disabled , and do not get re-enabled for the duration of the mission , even if you subsequently reconnect . there is a pop-up on-screen that mentions this , but it is easily missed , especially if you are in the middle of directing a pitched fight . if you have a save near the end of the mission , you can try reloading it , though there is no in-game way to check whether or not achievements have been disabled for the current map . a more provable solution would be to replay the mission from the start . even if your internet is fine and dandy , it is not impossible blizzard has been experiencing some launch-day network hiccups . another alternative ( that i do not think applies to your case ) is that you used some of the single-player cheat codes , which will also permanently disable achievements for the current campaign .
how to get three characters together before you can do this you must complete the story mission " friends reunited " to be able to have all 3 characters hang out together . after that you can call the other two characters via the " contacts " icon in the in-game mobile phone . make sure you call both other characters immediately before picking them up , because if you pick one up first before you call the other then you will get a " busy " tone on your phone . being able to get " three man army " trophy even at final mission or after " [ missable ] this trophy can be missed if you have not unlocked it by the time you get to the final mission . make sure you choose " option c " when offered the choice , after which this trophy is no longer missable . " according to the following link and the above text you should still be able to obtain the trophy . http://www.ps3trophies.org/game/grand-theft-auto-v/trophy/68567-three-man-army-.html if you did not get the trophy before the final mission , and choose option a or b , then you are not longer able to do it .
this is a tricky question , as the answer is highly situational . wards tend to be used as bait , beyond their uses for vision . overall , you generally want to remove enemy wards as quickly as you can , without risking yourself or teammates . denying the enemy vision is extremely important , but so is not dying . basically , if you can not destroy a ward , attacking it is a good idea , unless it risks your safety . let 's go over some example situations . you are in lane , and see one of the opponents drop a ward . if your basic attack is ranged , go for a shot on it , or if you happen to be standing right next to it . again , if there are clear risks , do not go for it . the benefits you are getting in exchange for that one hit , is that it is easier for your support or jungler to clear . that extra second or two that it takes to hit a ward 3 times as opposed to just twice , can be the difference between clearing and not clearing a ward , or clearing it in time to get out safely . this is especially true when the support is the one clearing the ward , as they generally do not ever have an attack speed of more than once per second . a second situation to consider is when destroying wards is true sight . if your team has true sight in the area , not granted by a pink ward ( although , this situation may apply if you know for a fact they know the pink ward is there ) . if an enemy places a ward in an area that they know you have true sight , then there is a 99% chance that the ward is a bait of some sort . so what do you do ? simple , steer clear until someone on your team can disable it with a sweeping lens , the kill it . you want to disable the ward first to deny the enemy vision of your team moving to kill it . attempting to kill a ward they know you can see without disabling it , will likely result in a blitzcrank rocket grab Q , a lee sin jumping to you with his sonic wave Q into resonating strike Q combo , a nidalee javelin toss Q to the face , or some other equally nasty surprise . next there is the inhibitor tower siege , over the base wall ward . do not under any circumstances try to destroy these . i guarantee that there is an enemy waiting for you to get close to hit you with something nasty . the best way to deal with this is to counter ward , by placing your own ward over the wall as well . this way , you can watch what they are doing , and you spend much less time in the danger zone than if you are attempting to destroy it . the only exception is again , if an ally disables the ward with a sweeping lens . be wary though , your opponents are much more likely to attempt a blind skill shot in this situation than in the above . you will , however , be safe from targeted spells such as talon 's cutthroat E . the last is that random ward an enemy tossed down as a team fight broke out . leave it , but memorize it is spot . it is not important enough to stop focusing on the enemy damage dealers to kill the ward as fast as possible , but you do want to be able to have an ally hit it with a sweeping lens once the action calms down . tl ; dr ? there are lots of benefits to getting that one free shot off on a ward , but in most situations , the potential risk is not worth the one hit on the ward .
according to this diablo forum post , it does actually require less materials on the console version . and this one seems to confirm this too for xbox precisely , this one for ps4 even if i doubt the console version are different from one console to another .
yes , wings of liberty has global play without upgrading to heart of the swarm . if i want to use global play , do i have to upgrade to heart of the swarm ? . global play will be available to all starcraft ii players , regardless of license level . you do not need to upgrade your copy of wings of liberty to use global play . if you have more than one regional copy of wings of liberty and want to upgrade to heart of the swarm , you only need to upgrade one of them . the heart of the swarm upgrade applies to all regional versions of wings of liberty on your battle .netaccount . source : global play faq from battle .netas has been mentioned and is also in the faq , global play is not available to those in mainland china .
yes , although it appears to be more of a rough schedule : generally speaking we are aiming to limit our scheduled maintenance period to once a week , on tuesdays . we are aiming for this weekly maintenance period to take place in an off-peak time for both north american and european players . we are also aiming to inform players of the precise duration of any weekly maintenance period at least 24 hours before the maintenance begins . 3am est is the normal maintenance time , so the european servers go down at 8am gmt and so on .
no you can not currently hide any of them except the ' intro ' one ( i can not remember the name , but it has an explicit option to not show it anymore ) . i agree that its a bit too much at times , but microsoft i think also is using it as a new form of advertisements as well .
split-screen pc/mac play is not supported by valve via obvious in-game menus . the only way in which you can play co-op portal 2 with a single portal 2 purchase in a way that is obviously supported by the game manufacturer is by purchasing the ps3 copy : only playstation®3 split-screen co-op can be played using a single copy of the game . when you purchase a new copy of portal 2 for playstation®3 , you will receive an in-box code which provides your linked steam account with access to your copy of portal 2 on your computer . the game is still owned by only a single steam account--another copy will be required to play online co-op with a friend . ( source ) it has been noted in the other answers that the act of single-system split-screen is possible . it required modifying configuration files and a workaround to force the game to move a controller to the second player slot . valve has neither stated that this method is supported or banned . steam support indicates it is not supported , but also openly admits it is an option that currently exists . hello shaun , thank you for contacting steam support . split-screen mode is available in the xbox 360 and playstation 3 versions of this game only . however , split-screen options may be available using the methods found here : http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1847904 note : these methods are not supported , as split-screen is not an intended feature of the pc/mac version of portal 2 . if you have any further questions , please let us know - we will be happy to assist you .
no , you can not . against any desire to let your mother-in-law starve and your uncle suffer from extensive alcohol withdrawal , you can only feed all of them , or none . you can , however , just tick the food every other week , in order to save money .
the walking dead really only has a single ending , though there is one final decision that can be made near the end that changes what happens to one major character . the decisions you make during the game do influence a lot small things within the game , however the main plot is the same for everyone . reputation with characters works the same way - if a character dislikes you , it may change the way they react in certain conversations , but it does not change the plot . you are encouraged to role play lee as you see fit , without worrying about whether what you are doing will adversely affect the game or not . as far as which characters will stay with you until the end of the game , i can guarantee that clementine will be there , but for everyone else , i encourage you to play through the game and find out for yourself .
any character ( including wizards and witch doctors ) can wield any non class-specific weapon , with a few small exceptions . the class-specific weapons are : ceremonial knife ( witch doctor ) hand crossbow ( demon hunter ) fist weapon ( monk ) daibo ( monk ) mighty weapon ( barbarian ) wand ( wizard ) there are also off-hand class-specific items , as well as class-specific armor . in addition to the class weapons , a few classes are restricted from using certain general items . the restrictions are as follows : wizard : no polearms or two-handed maces ( other two-handed weapons are ok ) barbarian : no staves , no ranged demon hunter : no two-handed weapons other than bows and crossbows , some skills restricted to ranged weapons . monk : no ranged witch doctor : no special restrictions the idea behind having wands for wizards is that the magic enchantments on them are particularly beneficial to the wizard so it is more likely you will be using a wand if you care about general wizard stats or skills . you are otherwise , however , free to use whichever general weapon you want .
this part of the mission is a bit tricky , but it is rather easy once you know what you are doing . use the enemy 's weapon against him/itself . so just hover around near a generator and once it starts shooting move away . it will still hit the generator and take it out , despite the force field . you can just shoot the shields yourself , but the cannon is doing a lot more damage .
feed . find a sleeping human , and interact with them to feed on their blood . this will cause your vampirism to revert to stage i so that you can seek out a cure .
it is pretty clear that this is a bug . for example , they will work fine if you put them on a track in the other direction . ( if i recall correctly , minecarts collide correctly on north-south track and pass through/stop on any other . ) i recommend waiting for a bug fix or using lots of powered rails if you have the gold . you do not need every rail to be powered for moving empty/chest minecarts ; every other tile is sufficient for a diagonal slope , and up to , oh , about 16 apart should be fine on the flat .
similar question : how can i improve the performance of minecraft ? i recently discovered that turning off your sound effects in the options menu increases your frame rate significantly on low-end computers . try this first , since it is such a simple solution . ( just drag the volume slider all the way down to ' off' ) one solution is using add-ons which let you further customize minecraft to increase frame rates . the one justin b proposed is fine . however , notch has mentioned including a lot of this frame rate improving code in his official releases , so it might not help as much as you want . if you do not want to use add-ons , you can take advantage of the built in skinning functionality , and testing some low resolution skins , including ones that do not use animations . an example is here : http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/113088-deloz-high-fps-texture-pack/ and here : http://evilmousestudios.com/tronic/ . some people report an improvement with these simple texture packs , others do not . compatibility mode - some people report improved game performance on windows 7 when they run in compatibility mode for older operating systems like windows 2000 . increase javaw . exe priority - in task manager , right click that process and increase it to just below ' realtime ' . you might be surprised by other processes in here that are taking up resources and want to kill them , but i am assuming you have shut down what you can . there are some system settings you might want to play with . while playing the game , you might get the most out of it by going to system properties ( right click on ' my computer ' and select ' properties ' > advanced > performance , and choosing to optimize for best performance . this will automatically turn of things like windows transparency and styles that can be sucking cycles out of your graphics card . you can also try killing explorer entirely . a lot of games recommend this when graphics are running slow . kill explorer . exe in task manager and when you are done playing , you can start it back up using the same ( ctrl+shift+esc > file > run . . . > " explorer . exe" ) you can download this tool to verify whether you are running the best version of opengl available for your machine .
yes . the proficiencies associated with the weapon picked up stay active while using the weapon . your profile does not keep weapon proficiencies that you have not unlocked if you toss the weapon or get killed . it is the same as if you pick up a gun you have not unlocked . . . even though it is not available to you " in profile " , you get to run around with it for a bit .
it is 55 minutes according to my clock or " about an hour " according to this video ( 17 min 11 sec into video )
level 29 is only the minimal required level at which the puzzle ring can drop , it drops with the level you have when it drops ( and gets better with every level higher ) . most legendaries ( including the puzzle ring ) can drop in every form of game ( story , adventure ) from every mob ( normal mobs , rare , boss ) and also from chests and other items .
no , it is not infinite , see the wiki : players may attempt to drain the ocean by tunneling down to the underworld , where water evaporates . the ocean is in fact drainable this way , and this method will allow the player to go back to the ocean floor and easily pick up all the coral without worry of suffocating . however , no sharks will spawn once the ocean is drained , and previously-spawned sharks will have vanished . therefore , draining will not allow a player to obtain shark fins and the diving helmet . another way of draining the ocean is by making an air pocket , empty a bucket of lava in it and place an object that can not be destroyed by lava in the lava . after that allow the water to flow into the lava . the object will prevent obsidian from being generated , causing all the water to disappear .
paint will not necessarily increase the value of a hat for a potential buyer , and very well may make it much harder to sell said painted hat . certain colors are more desired than others , mostly the ones that cannot be found through random drops , e.g. black , white , team colors , after eight , mann 's mint , pink as hell , and lime . in general , you would likely get more value selling the paint separately , and it would be much easier to sell than finding someone who wants both the hat and the color together .
prince valerian is working with the umojan protectorate ( hence the base on . . . umoja ) . given that all of the units in the first two missions are either mercenaries or umojan forces . ( instead of war pig mercenaries , the unit , when selected , explicitly states " umojan marine" ) it seems a fair assumption that these ships and soldiers belong to the umojans , who are working with valerian for unknown reasons .
yes as of may 2013 . http://store.steampowered.com/news/10548/ added rate-limiting of steam game downloads , via settings -> downloads at last
you need to be outside in an open area and not in the middle of an encounter ( a fight ) , otherwise all unlocked batwing drop points will be greyed out and unavailable . i have found that you can initiate the fast travel under almost all circumstances ( running , grappling , gliding , etc . ) .
weapon skills ( archery , one-handed , two-handed ) : skill increases damage done . ( 0.5% per level . 50% increase at level 100 ) armor skills ( light armor , heavy armor ) : skill improves armor rating mildly ( perks are where it is really at though ) . ( 0.5% per level . 50% increase at level 100 ) magic skills ( alteration , conjuration , destruction , restoration , illusion ) : skill reduces magicka cost . skill also unlocks new spells on spell vendors at 25 , 50 , 75 and 100 . ( about 41% reduction at level 100 ) lockpicking : skill broadens the target zone . pickpocketing : skill increases success chance to pickpocket speech : skill improves prices when buying and selling , and increases chance of success for persuade and intimidate . sneak : skill reduces detection radius for sight and sound . alchemy : skill improves magnitude of potion/poison effects . enchanting : skill improves magnitude of enchanting effects . smithing : skill improves armor rating of upgrading armor and weapon damage when upgrading . does not improve item creation at a forge , only upgrading is affected by skill . block : skill increases percent of damage blocked .
according to the blizzard answer in this forum post the damage of a skill modified by weapon damage is based on whatever weapon you happen to be swinging with when using the skill . so basically it alternates between weapons in the same way as if you were using your normal attack .
in transmutation shards case it is about rarity of the unidentified item . and in the case of alteration shards it is about the mods on the item . this are the recipes : transmutation shards transmutation shard x2: item ( magic , unidentified ) x1 transmutation shard x5: item ( rare , unidentified ) x1 alteration shards alteration shard x1: item with cold resistance mod x1 item with critical strike chance for spells mod x1 item with fire resistance mod x1 item with lifegain on enemy death mod ( with maxed value ) x1 item with lightning resistance mod x1 item with mana gain on enemy kill mod " absorbtion " x1 item with life gain on enemy hit mod x1 alteration shard x2: item with strength mod x1 item with intelligence mod x1 item with dexterity mod x1 item with attack speed mod x1 item with cast speed mod x1 item with life leech mod x1 item with mana leech mod x1 item with critical strike damage multiplier mod x1 item with critical strike chance mod x1 flask with " bubbling " mod x1 flask with " catalyzed " mod x1 flask with " fending " mod x1 flask with " caustic " mod x1 flask with " seething " mod x1 flask effect " inspiring " mod x1 flask effect " refilling " mod x1 flask effect " recovering " mod x1 flask effect " savouring " mod x1 flask effect " sipping " mod x1 item with " plunder " mod x1 item with " collecting " mod x1 item with weapon only increased spell damage and mana mod x1 item with cold resistance mod ( with maxed value ) x1 item with fire resistance mod ( with maxed value ) x1 item with lightning resistance mod ( with maxed value ) x1 item with " magpie 's " mod ( item rarity refix ) x1 item with increased spell damage mod x1 alteration shard x3: tem with elemental resistance mod x1 item with physical damage scaling and accuracy mod x1 item with energy shield mod x1 item with all attribute mod x1 item with added cold damage mod x1 item with added fire damage mod x1 item with added lightning damage mod x1 alteration shard x4: item with maximum life mod x1 item with weapon fire damage mod x1 item with weapon cold damage mod x1 item with weapon lightning damage mod x1 item with physical damage scaling mod x1 item with physical damage mod x1 item with spell damage scaling mod x1 item with energy shield scaling mod x1 item with armour mod x1 item with evasion mod x1 item with evasion scaling mod x1 item with armour and energy shield scaling mod x1 item with armour and evasion scaling mod x1 item with energy shield and stun recovery mod x1 item with armour and stun recovery mod x1 item with evasion and stun recovery mod x1 item with movement velocity mod x1 item with all attribute mod x1 ( with maxed value ) alteration shard x6: item with life leech mod ( at maxed value ) x1 item with elemental resistance mod ( at maxed value ) x1 alteration shard x7: item with " collecting " mod ( at maxed value ) x1 item with damage scaling mod ( at maxed value ) x1 item with " plunder " mod ( at maxed value ) x1 alteration shard x8: item with weapon only lightning damage mod ( at maxed value ) x1 item with physical damage scaling mod ( at maxed value ) x1 source vendor recipes
you will not get any refund in any way for those hammers . they can be considered to be wasted if you buy the building/unit you have partially built .
shields are basically " temporary bonus health " . they do benefit from armor and magic resistance . magic damage only shields will also benefit from magic resistance but they do not absorb physical damage ( so maybe they do benefit from it technically but it is useless ) . so yes , shields on squishy targets will go down faster . but note that squishy means no resistances in this context . a lot of health will not make your shield stronger , a lot of resistance will .
it was due to the random factor of how they played in the group stages and then into the brackets . this was the format : format group stage : up to 128 players in 32 groups of 4 players each . groups are played in dual-tournament format . matches are best of three . top 2 players of each group advance to the bracket stage . bracket stage : 64 players in a single-elimination bracket . matches are best of three until semifinals . semifinals and finals are best of five . here is how the bracket ended up breaking down . http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/2014_red_bull_battle_grounds:_detroit as you can see the bracket stage was randomly determined by the player 's placement in the open stages . because of the nature of the format of the battle ground tournaments pairings like the ones you put in your example can and will happen . for example , stardust and oz met very early in the tournament as well .
the simplest and most effective way to build a shelter for your first night , is to chop down about 20 blocks of wood . use your fists for the first few blocks , then turn the wood into planks , and some of the planks into a crafting table and some sticks . use your new supplies to build your basic wooden tools to get you started . once you have your tools and roughly 10-20 additional wood blocks , simply dig into the dirt anywhere you want , a 2 block deep , six wide by six long hole should be more than sufficient . dig a staircase method 1 block wide tunnel into the dirt anywhere for some stone , use your wooden pickaxe to grab 8 stone blocks and take them back to you ' hole ' . use your crafting table to turn the stone into a furnace . use the furnace to turn your wood into charcoal . ( if you have no other fuel a block of wood as fuel works fine to get you started ) with the charcoal you can now make torches to light up the inside of your hole , place them , then put a roof over your hole using the dirt you dug up to make the hole in the first place .
the amount of money you own is in a separate field on the far left side of the bottom bar , in golden letters .
it does work in all games apart from racing , just hold select > inventory > body armor that is what it says here .
if a pig , saddled and ridden or not , gets hit by lightning it will turn into a zombie pigman with you staring at the inside of it is head . lightning forced to strike with a mod .
attack their legs , never look at them . if you do not look at endermen , they seem less-inclined to teleport away . here 's a video example :
some achievements give you decorations for your banner for completing them and that star indicates how many rewards that achievement gives you . some achievement are " tiered" ( good example : the pick up x gold achievements ) , which is why some will have 6 stars , because multiple achievements in that set give awards .
if you are just going to play pvp then your level does not matter , because you are boosted to level 80 , and have all your skills and trait points unlocked . however , in wvw only your stats are boosted to level 80 . you will still need to unlock skills and trait points by leveling up , they will not automatically be unlocked when you are in wvw like they are in pvp .
the distribution transport pipe will evenly distribute incoming items to all possible outputs . this will allow you to divide it into fractions of any number divisible by two or ( i think ) three .
for weapons : pros : can get up to 4 weapon effects onto a pair of weapons . more dps as you attack faster with duel wielding perks cons : can not block can not bash ( shields/two handed weapons lets you bash ) need to find two good weapons instead of one for dual casting spells , you will want to look here .
correct answer is , just shy of ~900mb . personally , i just need ~325mb to play wow though . there was another 530mb needed . however , i was able to play after the first 325mb were downloaded . note : this is my experience with the cata updated . might vary per person . also , i was already at 4.0.3.1xxxx and playing before the official release of the game . the ~900mb only started downloading to my system after the official release and upgrade of my account .
it is a problem on systems using ati graphics cards . fallout : new vegas had the same problem . a community fix for this , and the framerate problems of ati cards can be found here : http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=48 note that this changes your card to be recognized as an nvidia card , which is intentional .
after patch 1.02 , the mutant donkey lady can no longer be found . before that , she could be found northwest of chuparosa .
its like using the same account on two xbox . you can not do it . now there are obvious reasons why microsoft does not want you to be able to use the same account more than once ( which are compounded by dlc ) , but the bottom line is : you can only be logged into the same account in one location at a time . now you might want to consider the new family pack , which is coming soon . or streaming your netflix to a pc . the short answer though , is : no
two rules of thumb i used to use : if increasing the resolution brought about a large drop in the frame rate , it could indicate that the game was gpu-bound , as the increased resolution makes the video card work much harder and , as a result , takes longer to get each frame out the door . on the other hand , if increasing the resolution brought about only a negligible decrease in frame rate ( or no decrease at all ) , then it was an indicator that the game was cpu-bound , as the additional video complexity was easily handled by spare video card processing capacity whereas the main game processing logic already pegged the cpu . in this situation , the game engine is too busy to be able give the video subsystem enough work . however , i do not think games nowadays are so simple that the performance is easily limited like that . for many years now , gpus have gotten more complex and developers are finding ways to offload more work to them , so there is a lot of work that could be done on either side . . . this is why i do not use these rules of thumb very much anymore - they just do not really apply . the assumption was that raising the resolution did not cause additional work on the cpu . if you followed those video card benchmarks from tom 's hardware guide religiously in those early 2000 's years , you could see this sometimes - running e.g. quake 3 using a " modern " video card and you had get so many bar charts that just flatlined . if you can measure the frame rate of your game , give this a try and see what happens .
taken from the official support website : profile improvements and changes latest console software picture the latest console software includes the following profile improvements and changes : you can download your xbox live profile to multiple consoles . however , you can only sign in to one profile at a time . your profile is automatically updated on your console and xbox live , whenever you sign in or out of your profile . to help keep your account safe , you can choose to require or not require your microsoft account password on any console , for more information , see password-protect your xbox live profile . if the last time you signed in to your profile you were using a different console , you’ll see a notification of this when you sign in . for more information , see your gamertag was last signed in on another console . it takes significantly less time to download your profile ( called " recover " in previous versions of the console software ) . https://support.xbox.com/en-us/my-account/manage-gamertag-and-profile/profile-storage-changes since this is a three year old post , with enough time the problem fixed itself and now have it saved on every console just only signed in at one time .
you are missing a couple of steps : first , if the game was originally installed to C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Awesomenauts , you need to move it to D:\Steam Library\SteamApps\**common**\Awesomenauts ( except without the asterisks , of course ) . in general , if you chose something as a secondary steam library location , you must move game files into something\SteamApps\common in order for steam to see them . second , you might be missing a couple other files ; steam stores game configuration information ( including the fact that the game is installed in this particular library ) in a bunch of little .acf files in \SteamApps . if you do not copy this file over to the destination library 's \SteamApps folder , steam will not realize the game is installed in your bulk library . unfortunately , these files are not named after the game they refer to ; however , they are just plain text files , so if you only have a few games installed you can probably find it manually by opening them with notepad . the game 's name should be under appstate-> userconfig-> name . doing things manually probably is not going to work well if you have a ton of games installed , though , so in that case the easiest thing to do is to open up a cmd prompt ( it will not bite ) and use the built-in findstr command . make sure to use /i since you never know how they are capitalizing things . the files you want to check will be on the left , in a lighter colored font . some games will have .ncf files instead of .acf files ; those are usually named after the game and should be easy to spot , and they will need to be copied over as well . saints row the third uses .ncf files , for instance . as long as you get those things right , the game should appear in your steam library ; if you right-click and go into the game 's properties , it'll tell you which disk library the game is installed to . i have successfully done this to move far cry 3 from my bulk disk to my ssd . note that games with .gcf files are native source games , and i would not mess with them - just do a re-install .
i have had a feeling they do , but cannot confirm it 100% , but it seems i was wrong , after christmas i am going to check items dropped in november if still there i would say that dropped items do not decay right now i can confirm dropped items stay alive for at least 14 days . i am dropping keys and media files i do not need at difficult to access locations ( high speed train rails ) and i am pretty sure they will not be picked up . i will keep testing it . update 1: 8 days decay free . update 2: checked on a very old dropped media item 2 weeks ago and still there update 3: all items dropped before 24.12.2012 decayed - removed or maybe picked up , but this is highly unlikely
the city that gets the bonus will be the city that works the tile . only one city can work it at a time , and the improvement must be within three tiles of the city . placing it between all your cities will provide the most flexibility , but beyond that will provide no more bonus than placing it next to one .
i will assume that you do not have a problem getting achievements in general ( otherwise , you should indeed try the solution proposed here ) , but that you failed to obtain the specific achievement you are asking about . having played quite a bit of this game myself , there have been several cases where an achievement did not unlock for me when it should have ( though as far as i remember these were always " unlock item xxx " achievements , such as the spelunker ) . luckily , the game seems to take the fact that it has issues unlocking achievements into account , and i have always had said achievements unlock the next time i started up the game . that being said , your achievement may still not unlock , so know that you did nothing to disqualify yourself from obtaining it ( i do not think there is any actual way to do that . you get it even if you take the easy way out and kill mom using the bible . heck , you even get an extra achievement for that ) . since killing mom is something you do quite often in the game , you will probably get this achievement soon enough one way or another , though that does not make the fact it did not unlock properly any less annoying . to reduce the chance of achievement unlocking issues in the future , you can still check out this thread mentioned in the answer i pointed to earlier . i will admit i never did try the fix from that thread , personally , as i did not need it .
there are a number of mods that claim to improve fps in minecraft . my experience is limited to optifine ( an updated version of optimine from around version 1.2 ) on 1.8.1 , but i do see a very significant improvement in my fps . although it is a bit non-specific , i have seen my fps on a mac go from completely unplayable to very smooth . optifine ( minecraft forum link ) reworks a number of rendering details to improve minecraft performance ( +20fps ) . many people go crazy about it on the forum , others say that it just does not work so ymmv . last i heard , notch was actually including some of these optimizations into minecraft proper . keep in mind that any minecraft mod that is not a skin requires you to patch the minecraft code itself and thusly may not be compatible with other mods or your minecraft version .
as it currently stands you can not do this . if you are looking to free up an email address so you can use it to create a new account , you can email them . the link to do so is in the comment below by @marktrapp .
the term ' gimp ' is a sometimes-derogatory term for one who is crippled ; a gimp . when a player uses the techniques you have described , they are effectively crippling their opponent , by removing their ability to recover . in the same vein , it could also be related to the fact that in this scenario , the player trying to make the recovery has a ' handicap ' ( or is crippled ) when compared to the other player , who is effectively in control of the situation . in this particular context , the removal of the recovering player 's ability to grab the edge is the ' gimp ' . in both of these variances , the player is control is able to use certain techniques as a means of ' crippling ' , or ' gimping ' their opponent . this is all absolutely speculation , but it did not feel right as a comment .
there are a few ways to do this : kill all of the cops on screen before more of them show up . out run them while not killing people ( or committing other crimes ) . go into a building , and kill all the cops within the building then go back out . source .
pvp was added in patch 1.0.7 . it is called brawling . for details click the link brawling . you can brawl with other players in your party , either one on one or in a group free-for-all , to prove your dominance . there are no rules , scores , or limits . when you want to start something , talk to nek the brawler . you will find him in each act’s town area , near the waypoint . nek will transport you to the ideal environment for a fight – the scorched chapel , a flat land that includes flowing waters , a brick church , and a graveyard with room for new arrivals . any members of your party can join you there by speaking to nek . brawling is opt-in – you won’t get attacked by anyone who isn’t in a group with you and currently present in the scorched chapel . when you die in the chapel , you’ll reappear there ( even if you’re a hardcore character , your death isn’t permanent ) . you won’t lose any equipment durability for participating ( or perishing ) in a brawl .
1 on 1: heli 's dont stand a chance against a good jet pilot . a few ( generalised ) tips for taking out choppers however : it can not shoot you if it can not see you : if the pilot has to go nose up to get a shot at you , they are ( or will be ) moving backwards or downwards , and will avoid doing this for too long . the gunner also acts as lookout in a good pairing , but only has limited view upwards . know where it is : dropping flares is far easier when you know how long the missile will take to get to you . allows you to get longer gun-runs . lets you know how far you have to run to lose the lock ( flares are valuable ! ) pick your moment to attack : if you get two or three hits on the heli , it knows your on to it , and will pull evasive maneuvers . watch the pilot as he turns to pull a straight run against a target , close in then land as much of a cannon run as you can . one full burst of cannon fire -will- destroy a chopper also : there is little point using aa missiles . against a pilot-gunner combo , they are merely an annoyance , you may pull the occasional kill against a lone pilot . . . but it is far better to make yourself useful to groundforces . ecms can be tricky to use , i still opt for flares , they are usefull for soflam 's and throwing air-radars off , however they seem to have a much lower success rate . as with the answer above , please do not kamikaze !
to understand when to back , farm or gank you will have to know each role of every jungler because the times when to do these things depends on the jungle role you are playing . now first of all : what jungle roles exist ? the supportive jungler the carry jungler the ap jungler the bruiser jungler the tank jungler the counterjungler now this is just a list of what the champs are specialized in . most of viable junglers have more than just one role but every champ excels at one of these points . i will first explain what you can apply to every role of jungling and i will later explain what specific playstyle they have . when do i have to farm always focus on jungle farming as soon as you have your first jungle item since it gives you a huge gold boost . if you have no lane to gank and you need gold if you are holding a lane you can lasthit if you are pushing a lane ( alone or with the laner ) when should i go back if you are too low on hp or mana to gank and/or continue jungling alway if you have 1000 - 1500 gold . you should not carry that much gold with you . earlier backs on the other hand work , since jungle items are rather cheap compared to laning . whenever you can afford an item that helps in the current situation of the game . ( wards against a counterjungler for example or damage for faster clearing ) when should i gank/help out a lane ? if the enemy is far too overextended if the enemy has no escape spells/flash you should camp the lane if you realize enemies are missing on other lanes and a lane looks like it is about to get towerdived . if you see a lane that needs help and where a kill would actually really help and bring the guy that is behind back into the game ( it will not help if you gank botlane for that 0/3 caitlyn with 20 cs in 10 minutes . farming or ganking another lane is better in situations like this ) . if you have a champion that snowballs very hard ( kassadin/fizz mid for example ) you want to get him fed . how to play the jungle roles correctly ? the supportive jungler the supportive jungler is a champion which usually has high cc and utility . they almost do no damage but if you gank you almost always have a guaranteed kill . thus you should focus heavily on ganking and warding instead of farming , since you do not have the fastest cleartimes . this role is not played that much since preseason 4 . it is a role which is not very good but also not very bad . you could say it is a safe pick . champions : maokai , taric , karma , cho-gath , alistar counters : nothing gets countered by : nothing the carry jungler the carry jungler is a champion that usually snowballs very hard . he rather depends on the cc/help of the laners if ganking and has usually a weak early game since he has no cc at all most of the time . once fed he can carry a game by its own . whether you should farm or gank depends on your laners , since you need their help . you are also not that good in defending a lane but pushing works fine . champions : kha'zix , master yi , yasuo counters : ap jungler ( you deal more damage than him at every stage of the game ) gets countered by : counterjungler ( steals your farm ) , bruiser jungler ( you will not deal damage and he can countergank ) the ap jungler the ap jungler is usually picked when you have an ad mid . your jungle speed usually is slow early but gets faster the higher your level is . this means you should gank early and farm a lot midgame . you should not stop ganking at any point of the game but farming really becomes easier if you reach level 7 or higher . usually you have 1 ranged hard cc spell and ap damage skills for the rest . champions : elise , fiddlesticks , karthus , fizz counters : bruisers ( they rarely buy mr early ) gets countered by : counterjungler ( steals gold/exp ) , carry jungler ( always deals more damage than you ) the bruiser jungler the bruiser jungler is usually a champ with high mobility/damage/fast cleartime/gank potential . so overall the perfect jungler right ? well that would be too nice to be true . unfortunately he is a beast early and midgame but lategame he is completely useless most of the time . you want to gank as often as possible to get ahead of everyone else , because once you fall behind you will be useless . champions : vi , lee sin , aatrox , jarvan , nocturne counters : carry jungler ( just countergank , invade him ) , counterjunglers ( they can not invade you ) gets countered by : ap jungler ( usually annoying ganks + damage ) , the tank jungler the tank jungler is just a lategame version of the support jungler . you usually have tons of cc and a rather fast cleartime . your teamfighting ability is also pretty strong and you are absolutely unkillable . the only problem is : you only deal aoe damage and thus you should only be farming all game unless someone really needs your help . in early you are useless but as soon as teamfights start you can turn the fight by just standing in there and aoe bomb the enemies while you just will not die . champions : amumu , sejuani , olaf , nautilus , skarner , nasus counters : nothing gets countered by : nothing the counterjungler the counterjungler is arguably the most difficult and risky jungler of all . really rewarding if you can play him but almost auto lose if you can not . you are constantly in the enemy jungle and stealing their buffs , denying them farm and exp . when the enemy jungler comes to gank a lane you are there aswell and countergank and since you are a higher level than him you will almost always win the trade . your main objective is warding and stealing everything you can . counterjunglers are always one of the above jungle types but they are either the fastest jungle clearers in the game or the best early duelists . you are always farming your and the enemies jungle and you only gank when the enemy jungle comes for a gank . champions : shaco , nunu , shyvana , udyr , trundle counters : everything if done correctly get 's countered by : everything if done wrong . now as you can see you have different priorities of when to gank or farm . for going back you can always rely on those 1.5k + means backport . of course each champion itself also has a lot of special things to take into consiteration . but overall i would say if you play with those rules you can learn how to jungle and you can still adjust these rules to your preferred playstyle .
using mcedit to advance the time forward ( one or several days , i forget which ) fixed the torches . so it would appear that this was the same problem as the /time set bug . ( i still do not know how it happened . . . )
summary the courier is an entity which is allowed to carry items for players of one team , it is usually bought by a support in a team . it can retrieve enemies from your stash or buy items at the shop . this allows you to spend more time on the lane to get experience and gold . interface press f3 to select the courier ( f1 to select back your hero ) . when you select the courier , the interface presents you with several buttons/options : move the courier to fountain move the courier to the secret shop put back the items in your stash take your items from stash give to you your items that are in the courier speed boost , for the upgraded courier , you can get a temporary speed boost in addition you can move the courier like any unit , by right clicking the map or terrain , the courier can also pickup items by right clicking the item and it can drop items/give items manually on the ground/to a character by dragging the items from its inventory to the ground/a character default shortcuts have been listed by samthere in another answer but you can change them in the interface . default layout is the standard q , w , e , r , t , y setup with the top keys at least on an uk and us keyboard with the corresponding locale . practical situations and tips usually , you may want to not monopolise the courier for small things that you do not need immediately if you lane and the courier is used by mid . if you have to interrupt an order given by a teammate , it is good to tell him to requeue his order : you can use shift to queue orders to the courier like ( retrieve and then give me my items in my stash ) . although magic immune , couriers can be killed by the enemy for a lot of gold , and it is wise to upgrade it early as it reduces the likelihood of it being intercepted and helps more your team . therefore try to not put the courier in danger , especially if the enemy team has a furion for example . courier gives 175 gold to every enemy upon death , this represents 175 x 5 = 875 gold , which is really a lot of gold ! in addition to the gold lost , items which were carried by the courier are stuck until the courier respawn ( although the courier does not drop the items upon death ) . you can use the shift key to force the courier to use a certain path , this allows you to make the courier fly over trees during most of its path which will prevent the enemy to kill it . the shift key allows you to do useful things like refuelling a bottle , picking up items and get them back to stash . upgraded couriers can be used also to spot wards hidden in trees , after you put a sentry nearby , as they have aerial vision which is not blocked by trees . one very important thing to know about couriers , is that you can buy them without being at the fountain and drop them from your stash . after this anybody going by the fountain can pick up the dropped courier and activate it for the team . this is useful if your support forgot to buy the courier and needs to do it but does not want to get back to the fountain . dota2 allows you to use skins for couriers . typical use typical use is one of the following : buy items in your stash when you need them press f3 to select courier shift click ( or shift + key shortcut ) get items from stash and give me the items the courier will go to fountain , get the items and travel to you and give you the items . if you need special items at the special shop , you can move the courier there and buy the items while selecting the courier ( the items will be on the courier ) and then tell the courier to give you the items .
i have a spreadsheet showing this here . screenshots are below .
make sure you allow flash to save data to your hard drive . right click the flash game and select setting ( or global settings ) . under the " storage " tab , make sure " allow sites to save information on this computer " is checked . adobe also has a page you can use to set flash settings : http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html
well , i did return to space and use the shuttle to return to the cms brusilov after having started chapter 5 , only to find out that its entry port is restricted to co-op play . so it is not one of the main chapter 4 solo-play side quests - and it is listed as a co-op mission in the progress and unlocks list for chapter 4 , d'oh ! i also confirmed that you can continue to find collectibles for chapter 4 after chapter 5 has been started .
the gamespot game guide would seem to agree with @dbemerlin each civilization obtains a spy when any civilization enters the renaissance era , with britain gaining an extra spy you obtain new spies upon entering a new era . when a civilization builds the national intelligence agency wonder that civilization will also gain a spy http://www.gamespot.com/features/civilization-5-gods-and-kings-walkthrough-6384284/?page=4
yes you can attack the enemies dark elixor storage . if you do not have a dark elixor storage , you just will not be able to keep the de loot .
you need to start breaking demon altars with the pwnhammer . this will spawn the new ores that you need to mine : cobalt , mithril , and adamantite . each altar smashed will spawn some of the next ore in the list . the first spawns cobalt , the second mithril , the third adamantite , then fourth cobalt , etc . after each ore is spawned once successive altar smashes will produce less and less of that ore . but it is still worthwhile to smash as many altars as possible . i have heard it suggested that the new ores are more likely to spawn in the underground jungle , but i cannot verify this from my own experience . now , i personally like to aim for excalibur and the megashark first . that is because you need souls of might - dropped by destroyer - to make them . i find him the easiest hardmode boss to tackle . because of that , i do not build a lot of hardmode gear ( except armor ) . i only need the swords ( i go back and build other stuff later of course ) . but before i worry about swords or armor , i go for the drills . it looks something like this : mine enough cobalt for a drill then mirror out and make it . return to mine for mithril . mine enough for the anvil and a drill , then mirror out and make those . i will mine cobalt during this trip down , and if i have enough spare i will make a sword ( since you can hold it down and swing it , a property the mithril and adamantite swords do not share ) , then armor pieces . return and mine for adamantite and mithril primarily . make adamantite forge , then drill ( though this is not strictly speaking necessary , but it is an upgrade ) , then make adamantite armor . then make adamantite sword . i will use mithril armor as a stop gap until i get a full adamantite set . during this process , you want to farm crystals when you can ( if you plan on using guns at all ; crystal ammo is amazing ) and get as many souls of light/night as possible ( can drop from any enemy killed in the underground hallow/corruption ) . those souls are the gateway item for summoning the new bosses . once i can summon the destroyer , i get a weapon to kill it with . typically that is a phasesaber . i make excalibur ( which really speeds up farming him ) then i make the megashark ( which i use for the twins and skeletron prime ) . my way is not the " best " way , but i find the destroyer easiest and i rather like those two weapons . bow lovers can easily substitute repeaters for this process , and you can kill the destroyer for a megashark or just try to farm the twins ( for the hallowed repeater ) first . magic lovers want to forge crystal storm . there are a lot of options . my general advice is not to stop and build a full set of armor/gear at each new metal tier ( cobalt , mithril , adamantite ) . build as little as you need to progress to the mining of the next tier . if you are dying a lot , then alter tactics ( and if need be , do stop and make some better armor ) .
no , none of the crew that can be acquired in ftl as of this version start with any experience . however , it has been a suggested feature on the ftl forums here .
there is two approaches , to me : get 5 high damage heroes on the same team , put utility heroes and tanks on the other team . this is more resistant to error since you have backup in each role in case someone messes up and dies . this is how the previous top score was set by invictus gaming : http://i.imgur.com/6gnrtjr.jpg . it looks like they used the pudge with flesh heap buffs almost exclusively , simply buffing him . this no longer works , however . the next approach used heaven 's halbred to disarm roshan , which also no longer works . however , i am pretty sure you can do better : put a tank to be cleaved on each team . this is not very resistant to error because if one of the tanks dies , the damage output of your team drops by about half . however , you get more attackers so you will be more able to deal more damage later into the game . this is the better approach , assuming no one makes errors ( and since you have unlimited tries , this is probably how the best scores are going to come eventually ) . i will describe the second approach : cleave deals a percentage of your damage based to all units in the area . all different cleaves stack additively . i am not sure what the ideal build is for the dps heroes , but it is a combination of battlefury , daedalus , and divine rapier . my thought is probably 4 battlefuries , 1 daedalus , and 1 dr in the general case , but it is definitely different for different heroes . you should also have 3 refresher and 3 boots of travel in your stash , and scatter plenty of free divine rapiers near the roshan area for when people die and need to reclaim them . you have time for this early on when the kills are slower . utility heroes should be carrying hex , orchid , and the necessary armor debuffs to apply to the enemy tanks that are being cleaved : deso , medallion , and ac . the spacing for ac will be tough so that you can debuff the enemy tank but not buff your tank . lion and rhasta seem your best bets , as hexing roshan with a sheepstick causes you to also be hexed . dps : the likely candidates : phantom assassin , alchemist , troll , lone druid , bloodseeker , magnus , sven . three per team . tanks : dirge tiny , abaddon ? buy hp if it helps , and whatever else keeps you from dying to rosh . blink , force staff , euls ? dunno . one per team . utility heroes : lion , shadow shaman . one per team . other stuff to consider or that i do not know that might also help : doom ? wolf aura is pretty good , and does the spell itself do anything to rosh ? any way to have a dominated wolf creep stick around ? can you purge roshan 's physical immunity with diffusal blade ? ethblade+veil+dagon nuke combos , then purge the ethblade ? when do your abilities get refreshed ? optimize for best buffing ? from then on it is really just a ton of refinement and finding out which combinations of heroes on each team help each other the best . maybe it is actually better to stack 5 damage dealers on the same team so they can buff each other more . it is possible but unlikely that just going all out and buffing one guy ( pudge with flesh heap ) is the best . maybe there are ways you can get around having disablers , such as with mass basher . but yeah , it is a big time investment to actually test all of this stuff out and figure out the best approach . good luck !
i am having a little trouble determining exactly what your problem is , but i will hit your list : i believe without exploiting potions and recursion stat boosting , the maximum percentage of magic reduction on a single enchantment is 25% . this is with 100 enchant , 5/5 enchant stat , and the various corresponding element/weapon perks . magnitude is not affected by armor type . you should be able to smith and enchant dragon scale armor with 100% destruction magicka reduction ( free cast ) . additionally , with the extra enchant perk , you could boost other school 's cast regen , or eliminate it completely . remember you get the maximum enchantment power when using grand or black soul gems .
no , there is not a way to sprint . the only option you have is to equip items that increase your movement speed .
if your city is out of power for whatever reason it seems to take a while after you get a power plant online for power to reach the entire city . first a power plant has to get workers , then after that it seems to take a while before it actually starts supplying power . buying power from other cities may be buggy . i played a city for several hours buying power from neighboring cities ; then saved and reloaded that city the next day only to find the city without power despite power still being available in the region ( it is possible that not enough power was available ) so i broke down and built a power plant and observed the city slowly get powered up .
given the pictures found over google images , it looks like the uk flag is just part of the character design of dante . example 1 example 2 example 3 there is also a side note about this flag on the dmc wikia : the union jack patch on the arm of dante 's coat was ninja theory 's small way of adding in a nod to themselves as their offices are based in the uk . but i 100% agree with you : it would've been a great idea to geolocalize the flag ; )
press the tab key ( \u21b9 ) to open the skill menu
mystery solved . . . my friend said that he is simply never sold any inventory items , so the extra slots are all from mission rewards ! he has the goty edition and has never gotten any game updates because there is no internet connection at his home , so this may not work for those of us who get regular game updates . he also said that a drawback is that you can not pick up loot or buy from vending machines , so you have to use a second character as a mule to carry and pick up things for you and then trade with them .
from the steam support page on extra copies , in most cases you will not receive extra copies of a game you already own when you buy a bundle that includes that game . there are certain exceptions , mostly relating to valve 's own titles , but counter strike is not listed amongst them , so you will have to buy your friend the game/pack separately . if you buy the pack as a gift , the giftable game in your steam inventory will be the entire pack , so you can not split it up . in some circumstances you will explicitly receive gift copies of games you already own . for example , with the recent bioshock : infinite preorder bonuses on steam , they stated clearly that you would . humble bundle packs and other such things may work slightly differently , because they give you steam product activation keys ( which are not yet bound to a steam account ) rather than steam gift copies . humble bundle packages together games into a single steam key when possible , but older bundles or games added to the bundle after purchasing may provide individual keys . note that technically you are not supposed to share any extra keys you have .
if you are up for modding , then i guess you are up for just editing the map ! you can adjust the mob spawner tileentity field for RequiredPlayerRange to something higher . this can be done with an mcedit filter , there are a few of texelelf 's filters that could do the job .
it is totally pay to win , the new commanders offer things like vet3 tiger ace - for free , no matter what your resources . assault grens who basically win any engagement in the first 5-10 mins . soviet industry - that lets you spam armour like crazy . the simple fact that they are not part of the full priced game makes is what makes them pay to win strategies - even if you have the full priced game you can not play with them or even look at the details about them in the game . i like the analogy of a game of chess . imagine white has paid to access to certain openings that are not available to black . on top of the massive strategic advantage that offers , white can also place new pieces on the board that move in unique ways - moves which black may not know about . it is the epitome of pay to win .
no , simply because of how fps games track your movement . touch in fact does not work with most fps games at all , pointing with touch will instead make your view spazz out . this happens because most fps games are using mouse axis movement to move the camera , your mouse is not acting as a pointer on x by y pixels anymore , it is instead tracking movement as if it were a joystick . movements picked up by the touch screen will result in extreme and impossible to control movements in many fps games . you can not just touch someone to shoot them unless the game has been specifically designed for touch . source : i have had a multitouch/inductive pen touch screen for 6 years . no fps game has ever worked except for certain flash games which do not use the axis movement like " real " fps games . stuff like half life , counter strike ect all exhibit the " spazz " movements when given touch events .
tl ; dr : simplified : 1% chance = 10% damage , keeping them even gives double the bonus . your equation is correct . you start off with a base of 5% crit chance and +50% damage giving you effectively an average " effective damage " of 102.5% damage . adding 10% crit chance will always give you the same bonus to effective damage as +100% to crit damage disclaimer : this is only true when your critical chance and critical damage are proportionately equivalent ( e . g . 5% chance of +50% damage , 10% chance of +100% damage , +20% chance of +200% damage ) . however , i will show below how , from balanced values , it is twice as beneficial to get +10% crit chance and +100% to crit damage rather than just getting +20% in crit chance or +200% increased critical damage . example : from base , lets say you add either 10% chance or 100% damage : 1 + ( 5% * 50% ) = 102.5% 1 + ( 15% * 50% ) = 107.5% 1 + ( 5% * 150% ) = 107.5% taking that example , if you add another 10% chance or 100% damage to what you already did . . . ( adding +20% chance or +200% damage to base ) : 1 + ( 5% * 50% ) = 102.5% 1 + ( 25% * 50% ) = 112.5% 1 + ( 5% * 250% ) = 112.5% but what if you added 10% to base and 100% to damage ? 1 + ( 5% * 50% ) = 102.5% 1 + ( 15% * 150% ) = 122.5% conclusion : going for a mixed balance of critical chance and critical damage will provide higher damage output than maxing one or the other . going from base values and adding 20% crit chance is equivalent to adding 200% crit damage , but adding 10% chance and 100% damage yields double the bonus to your " effective damage " . from the example above , going from a base of 102.5% effective damage up to 112.5% or 122.5% is an increase of 10% or 20% . sidenote : be aware of what items can give you because you can get more value out of some items . for example . . . gloves can give up to +10% chance and up to +50% to crit damage . the best crit damage will come from weapons ( up to +100% on weapon iteself with a socket of up to 100% ) . theoretically with dual wielding you can get up to +650% damage on critical hits ( not including unique bonuses from legendary items ) . . . if you have +0% crit damage on weapons , the highest you can get is only +250% . guide to crit from items
after defeating the fairy type gym in lavarre city , your friends will tell you to meet up near the poke ball factory , at the northern part of the city . after beating team flare in the factory , the president of the factory will give you a master ball . the master ball is obtained in the storyline . another way to get a master ball is the lottery corner found in lumiose city on estival avenue . if you can not find it , just take a cab there . enter a cab , and pick services , one of the options is the loto-id center , which is the lottery . matching all five numbers , is a master ball , according to serebii .net.
currently the campaign ending marks the ending of the shadowborn/merlin story . but as you have remarked correctly they are leaving some questions unanswered . specifically questions regarding : are all shadowborn accounted for ? what is behind the dark gate ? these will probably be used for either an expansion or a 4th installment of the series . you can still play random maps or scenarios after the campaigns , but as mentioned above , they do not continue the main story .
i concur with agent86 's comment , and his related answer to this question . i have been playing on xbl for years , and you can not play a game and connect to live if you do not have the most current patch . it is possible to see these patches on your storage device , but it is hard to determine the version other than by date . if you want to check that out , go to settings > system > storage > select drive you use for this game > games and apps > game name ( far cry 3 in this case ) . you should see a file called " title update " if the game has been patched - and selecting that file should show you the date and size , which could be used to determine which version you are running .
sadly , there is no in-game way of knowing what the odds of a particular outcome are . having particular ship parts can unlock additional choices in some events . ( these choices are labeled in blue . ) the chance of a regular ( white text ) choice having a positive outcome is always the same regardless of the circumstances . for example , having upgraded engines can unlock a special ( blue ) choice in some events , but it will never affect the odds of the regular ( white ) choices . i am pretty sure ( but not 100% ; please correct me if i am wrong in the comments ) that the special choices will always have a positive result , so if they are available to you , be sure to select them .
i think this can help . i did not know of the town history feature , but my guess would be that you will unlock it as soon as you get it to the " fully grown " status , which means 500 hours + 500 days .
unfortunately there is not anything quite as specific as what you are looking for . however , there is something that will make scanning the map easier . try switching to strategic view ( button in bottom right by minimap ) , where every natural wonder has a distinct and large icon . using that you can quickly check the whole map and find the wonder much easier than in the normal view , since many of the natural wonders look a little too much like mountains in the standard view .
you need to recognize burst gankers like tiny are a threat early in the game and adjust your play around them . typically , this means that i will be picking up strength power treads and/or a bracer to give myself extra strength to survive . if the other team has multiple magic damage heroes , you can also look into picking up a cloak or even a hood or pipe . this should prevent tiny ( or nerubian assassin , or a few others when they are ported ) from ganking you by himself , he will need teammates or a truly massive advantage to do so . tiny has powerful burst but after his combo ( which deals ~900 magic damage , ~675 damage to standard magic resistance ) plus the damage from a couple of autoattacks , if he has not killed you there is no way he should be able to : you have your own spells and hopefully aware teammates . other things you can do to prevent a tiny from snowballing apply to every game : have good wards up at all times and help your middle lane rune control if possible . limiting tiny 's early game mana really slows him down because he is not much of a threat without that 240 mana to combo . you can also put strong laners against him , since tiny has such low base armor , and seriously limit his early game farm . some common options to counter a solo melee hero in mid lane include : ancient apparition batrider viper venomancer warlock lich
there is a very short list - i think maybe 4 total : bootlegger hammerhead phoenix hammer ( this one definitely works ) they are tricky to spot , and they are not sports cars ( so the torch/temptress/etc do not count ) . i found they tend to spawn outside the angel 's gym crib the most often , in the parking lot and surrounding lots . i believe the bootlegger is also a possible gang vehicle option , if you select it from the gang customization menu at one of your hideouts . however , you will have to figure out a way to make your homies show up if you go this route . there is an upgrade option in the phone which gives you the ability to call some gang members , which is the most reliable way . i think the phoenix is driven by a particular homie ( possible spoiler if you have not advanced the plot to the point where you meet the mayor ) : mayor reynolds - he drives a phoenix customized to look like the trans am he drives in smokey and the bandit
the bomb bag is received inside the second dungeon . it is a required item , so you can not miss it . more specifically , one of the mogmas will tell you his bomb bag is missing and asks you to get it back for him , at which point he tells you to keep it .
you lose any progress made on the current quest as well as any checkpoint you had .
talk to him about it ? except from that , i do not think it would do anything , it is only that , an easter egg . nice find though .
honor ribbons are awarded for 25 " honors " . or at least this is the case for honorable opponent . i have yet to see someone with such a ribbon on a friendly team , so i believe the requirement is higher . as far as i know , red is for opponents ( and therefore honorable opponents ) . i have yet to see a green ( or any other color ) so i cannot clarify this for you . to get these ribbons , there is nothing much you can do other than play well enough , be friendly , etc . to be awarded helpful , friendly , teamwork , or honorable opponent honors after a match . p.s. to award these honors to other people , click the green " thumbs-up " button next to their summoner name in the post-match summary/chat room and select the appropriate honor .
i am using dual swords , and i would say it depends on the situation on what attack i am using . if i fight someone with a shield i try to attack on his none shield side . i am not sure if that infact does more damage , but at least it makes the fighting scene look better from a roleplaying perspective . i have also intend to completely miss when i do dual power attack , since its a bit slower than just using one side slash and the enemy tends to move around a lot . so i am just using dual power attack when i got my enemy cornered or does not move around to much ( like a dragon that just landed in front of your feet , hard to miss that one ) . and one final thing i think about when i am using dual weapons , is the weapons enchantments . one of my weapons have absorb health , so if my health going down , i am just spamming that side attack . if you are up against a mage and have lightning enchantments on one of your sword , spam attacks with that one . unless you can finish the mage of with a nice dual power attack of course .
12 doors on a side with 4 villagers per side . the vilage ' center ' is the middle point between the the ' doors ' that are considered to be part of the village . the golems will spawn in the middle and fall thru . docm has a nice tutorial on youtube describing the mechanics in detail . 20x20x8 footprint for the main cells . it could be that your layouts dont lend themselves to having a natural ' middle ' even the 2nd picture with the doors all clustered together in the middle , there might not be room for the golem to spawn because the doors are there .
the sprite will upgrade your tool for you , and he tells you to come in 24 hours . what you have probably done is give him your tools , sleep , and come back to him . this is incorrect . he means come back in 24 real-time hours . from the events page on fogu : turn on the timer feature ( press select twice to see it ) so the sprites help you , then turn off your gameboy . when you go back to your game the sickle will be sitting on the bench inside your tool shed . i am unsure if the timer is required to be turned on , but you do need to wait an actual day for you to get your upgraded tool .
any time you manage to reduce an opponent 's armor to below 0 , physical damage will be amplified . there exists a simple formula for the damage multiplier : damage multiplier = 2 - 100 / (100 - armor) [ ​1 ] for example , at -100 armor , the damage multiplier is 2 - 100 / (100 - (-100)) = 2 - 100 / 200 = 1.5x . therefore , an auto attack with 100 ad against a target with -100 armor ( and without the relevant defensive masteries ) will do 1.5 * 100 = 150 damage . theoretically , as you reduce an opponent 's armor more and more , you will approach a 2x damage multiplier . in practice , however , you will rarely see enemies with less than -30 armor , which gives a 1.23x damage multiplier . as hackworth mentioned , it is also possible to have negative magic resistance . ( for instance , super minions have -30 base mr . ) magic resistance uses the same formula as armor for calculating damage multiplier .
no , there is currently not , but fast traveling or going through a cave or door will quickly bring your follower to your side .
when a repeater , comparitor or redstone dust is pointing directly into a block ( not over or around it ) , that block becomes what we call " powered " , meaning that any of the redstone sensitive blocks ( doors , pistons , lamps . . . ) adjacent to it will activate . the direction of the line matters !
yes , the double fine adventure documentary series about the making of broken age is ( as of yesterday ) available for public purchase . currently , it can be purchased separately or in a variety of bundles with the game here : http://brokenagegame.com/buy/
i downloaded the catwoman dlc part way through my playthrough . to answer your questions , no , you will not miss out on the previous catwoman content , although slow is right and you will have to choose the previous missions from the main menu . and your second question , yes , the catwoman content will be unlocked in your current ' story ' , not needing you to start another game to enable it .
your scout can just move into the water and sail all by himself . it is called embarkation . the ability to embark a unit into shallow water is unlocked by the optics technology . the astronomy technology expands this ability by allowing units to also move across ocean tiles , not just shallow water . some notes : embarkation is a promotion . a unit has to have passed through your territory at least once since you have researched the technology in order to gain that promotion . all polynesian units receive the embarkation promotions for free . movement speed of land units in water is 2 . you get another movement point once you research astronomy , and another after steam power . adopting the naval tradition policy also increases moves by 1 . danish units also receive 1 extra move and england gets 2 . embarking ( moving from a land tile to a water tile ) and disembarking ( the other way around ) waste the entire turn , i.e. you only move 1 tile . danish units are exempt from this penalty when disembarking . your land units are helpless in water unless they have the embarked defense promotion , so consider escorting them . all songhai land units get this promotion for free . embarked units are not considered as water units ( for example , the great lighthouse does not make them move further ) . embarked units cannot pass through friendly cities like ships can - they must embark and disembark to cross them .
i had a similar problem , and apparently others do to . i followed this guide and that fixed it for me . maybe it will help you aswell . edit : as requested , i will c and p the steps explained in the link below : on the control panel > hardware and sound > sound menu select your speakers ( realtek high definition audio for me ) and choose > properties > then go to enhancements tab > and check the loudness equalization box , then re-launch skyrim , and check for differences on audio . this helped me but then i went to the srs tab on the sound menu checked to enable srs technology ( this is from realtek hd audio controller ) and selected the game option then the game really sounded really good and noticed i can hear everythig just fine and not with max volume
you will use them for synthesis of equipment and items . you can not do this until later . you will not get the ability to do this until you get the green trinity in agrabah through synthesizing , you will be able to create the ultima weapon , which is the best weapon in the game . but for now , you can just save them for when you get that point .
just keep throwing him in harms way . hunts , get into as many fights as possible , piss off the natives , go crusading at every chance . that should up the odds nicely . there is gamey ways to do it like rodolfo stated , but who would do that ? ; )
if you are hosting the server on your own computer then using localhost will work just fine .
no the distance between the nodes does not effect how fast the rebel fleet comes toward you .
instead of viewing the games through your " installed " or " all " games dropdown , select " downloads " where you can manage all downloads steam is performing . here you can pause and resume or reorder any active or pending downloads . additionally , launching a steam game will , by default , pause all current downloads .
most of the souls just get better after leveling them up : more damage , larger area , greater buff . . . but with certain souls , you can not just say if leveling them makes the ability better or worse , it is just different . for example , level 9 persephone will make a persephone appear with the vacuum and she will drain more hp , but she will flinch with every hit she takes . level 8 persephone will just summon a less powerful vacuum , but it is not affected by enemy hits . anyway , practically every soul is better when you max it up , i never used the soul release .
you simply have a disease at the moment . in skyrim , you can contract diseases . npcs often tell you things about or ask about traits that you currently have , and diseases are one of those . to see if you currently have any diseases , and if so which ones , open your magic menu . there will be a category called " active effects " . the effects shown in red will be negative , and in some cases diseases .
your " score " is calculated by this formula : Score = Ghosts * 120 + Coins - Time (seconds) - Damage * 6  then , every level has a " score table " , holding how much score one needs for how many stars ( some levels have even negative scores to get three stars ) . the exact numbers are not fully known . source ( with guessed scores ) : http://www.gamefaqs.com/3ds/632930-luigis-mansion-dark-moon/faqs/66895
destroying collected meld canister does not decrease the amount of meld awarded at the end of a mission . this conclusion is the result of a test where a collected meld canister was destroyed on the last turn with a grenade : after 2 victories with and without destroying the canister , the amount of meld awarded remained the same .
here 's a chart of fitting and well-fitting platforms for each game genre : source : game dev tycoon wiki , " game development " article
flack machine guns still seem to do full damage on ground targets . try running an assault mech with 3 scythes on one side and 3 razor of the gods on the other . the scythes will only very slightly outgun the razors against ground targets which is what you would expect given their slightly higher dmg output . against air targets or small ground targets like knobs the razors will beat the scythes . i think the flack abillity does bonus damage on air units but hits ground units with the normal base damage . i might be wrong and perhaps their is a slight penalty but it does not look like it from experience . one thing i have noticed is that the razor of the gods puts out a much larger and more numerous cloud of bullets than the scythes which is odd since they are supposed to have the same rate of fire . i am not sure what is up with that , but it does make it a lot easier to take out crowds of small targets .
sometimes the game will " forget " where certain points came from , and award them under additional points . for example , i just received 2820 additional points but my jet score said that i would scored 0 that round , but i would actually scored the exact amount that i received in my additional points . it only forgot for the after round tally , as when i checked my vehicle tab , it remembered my actual amount of jet experience ( i would levelled up ) . so it seems the varying amounts may be due to for instance , it not remembering that you got a particular ribbon , or a particular service medal . here 's a video explaining what i mean . it is pretty bad quality , but as you can see , my jet score shows up as 0 when it is tallying points , and i gain 2820 " additional points " . then later when i switch to my vehicles tab , jets has +2820 experience . also , as of back to karkand ( and i am assuming future expansions will do this too ) any assignments you complete will award you 5000 " additional points " . additionally , any xp earned during a double xp weekend will earn you the same amount of xp extra under additional points .
i think your problem is this ( based on you saying it has a basement ) : if you dig into the ground at all and attempt to use the dirt wall as part of your wall , terraria thinks it is not valid housing . take out that hammer and get rid of 100% dirt walls and replace it with whatever kind of wall you want .
once you have unlocked the blacksmith and jeweler on one character you can use them on all your characters at all stages of the game ( even before you normally would be able to otherwise ) . to unlock the blacksmith you must complete a shattered crown ( lore and possible spoilers at that link ) . after returning the crown , he confesses he wants his life to have some meaning and your character suggests that he craft items for your use .
according to the maniaplanet forum , you can use either f7 or f12 to remove many of the server-side panels . if you do not care so much about split times , you can use * on the numpad to remove all of the ui .
since you are in inferno , i assume you mean flawless square . currently , flawless square is the highest that drops . anything above that must be crafted .
to pass through all three rings in one go , you have to user your thought bubble to float . to do this , simply jump , press and hold the left trigger , and you should start gliding down slowly . from there , steer yourself as needed to pass through all three rings .
i would assume not , since in every game in the past you could not . however , in your home village , you should have a bed which would allow you to sleep in . that bed , when slept in , will prompt you to save . hope this helps ! n.s.
with the razer synapse software you can remap keys . i wrote a blog post on how to do this with a razer keyboard , but the process is similar with a razer mouse . i recommend creating a new profile and then linking that profile to the neverwinter executable . this will make the synapse software automagically switch profiles for you .
i found that answer here and it seems like it helped a lot of people with the same problem . i think it was a side effect of the anti-piracy protection implemented by valve . portal 2 makes use of a steamworks feature called " custom executable generation": the portal 2 executable ( portal2 . exe , plus some steam-related dlls ) is not downloaded with the other game files . when the game is started for the first time after an update/new installation has been performed , steam sends a request to the steam servers so that the custom-made portal 2 executable ( tied to the steam account ) can be generated and then downloaded ( the " installing . . . " operation you can see during the first run is actually the executable download ; also , the one or two files that can not be validated when you verify portal 2 's game cache integrity are the custom executable and libraries ) . the latest update triggered this mechanism and , when many portal 2 players tried to launch the game again , the steam servers were probably overloaded by generation requests , hence the error message . i just attempted to launch the game again and it worked for me , if not just wait or choose another ( less overloaded ) content server from the settings dialog .
the tie goes to the first voter . source
here is a pie chart and list with all items/probabilities : 2 same symbols with bell ( cash ) 5216 ( 23.33% ) no match 4708 ( 21.05% ) 2 same symbols without bell ( white weapon ) 4513 ( 20.18% ) 3 cherries ( green weapon ) 3179 ( 14.22% ) 3 psychos ( live grenade ) 2387 ( 10.67% ) 3 7s ( custom skin ) 981 ( 4.39% ) 3 single eridium ( 4x eridium ) 602 ( 2.69% ) 3 moxxi legs ( blue item ) 327 ( 1.46% ) 2 bells ( cash ) 190 ( 0.85% ) 3 double eridium ( 8x eridium ) 165 ( 0.74% ) 3 marcus ( purple weapon ) 41 ( 0.18% ) 3 triple eridium ( 12x eridium ) 39 ( 0.17% ) 3 bells ( lots of cash ) 9 ( 0.04% ) 3 borderlands vault symbol ( jackpot ) ( orange weapon ) 5 ( 0.02% ) found this while doing a quick search for the statistical numbers . there is also a chart that shows the different percentages for each of them .
try deleting the game from your ps3/ xbox or pc/ mac then reinstall the game , but make sure to keep all saved data . this should help as it is a way to fix many bugs , i play on the ps3 myself and i had a glitch where whenever i wen't into water and started swimming i deleted it off my ps3 and reinstalled it , fixed the problem completely and i kept all saved game data . i hope this helped .
first rule of bulldozers : never take one on alone . you will die . second rule of bulldozers : aim for the face . that is a bulldozer 's only weak point . but even that is not very weak . you are going to want something with high damage , and a lot of focus fire to take a bulldozer down . with enough fire at the facemask , it will eventually break , and expose a bulldozer 's face for a couple final bullets . assault rifles are quite effective against bulldozers , since they are versatile and still effective at long range . whatever works for you in that department , really . the ak-762 deals quite a lot of damage per bullet , and has manageable recoil . the ak-5 can be modified to have superb recoil , making the " aim for the face " part a little easier . whatever you are comfortable with , really . ( you can even use the m308 , if that is your thing ) . shotguns also tend to be very good against bulldozers ( though the locomotive has a much shorter effective range ) , but it will still take a lot to take a bulldozer down . if shotguns are your thing , the mosoni 12g is a superb weapon for the job , since it has such high damage output , and a decent effective range . one of its major downsides is its low ammo capacity at 26 . if ammo is a concern , i would go with an assault rifle . the reinfeld 880 is a good alternative in the shotgun department , since it still has high damage , and still a decent effective range , while carrying more rounds . in a pinch , the deagle and the bronco . 44 can deal significant damage to a bulldozer , however , if you have another option , i recommend using that instead . these should be saved for if you are caught without any primary ammo . the ove9000 saw is by far the fastest at taking down a bulldozer . however , it has some severe disadvantages , because it requires that you run at a bulldozer . so it is not the most effective weapon for the job by far , but if you are carrying the saw , and there is a bulldozer in your face , it takes about 2 seconds to slice right through a bulldozer 's armor . and on the point of trip mines : trip mines are effective at taking out any enemy within the blast radius . ironically enough , since bulldozers wear bomb suits . i do not recommend trying to set up a trip mine really quickly in the walking path of a bulldozer . i have done it before , and it can work in a pinch if you can set it up fast and get behind something , but it is not something i would rely upon . what i recommend ( depending on the job , but the one that comes immediately to mind is overpass escape ) is to set up several trip mines around in the general " cops will come through here " path . odds are , you will take out a special unit .
they kneel down for a small period of time , then stand back up and continue fighting . there is no permanent penalty for a follower dying .
currently , the only way to get from a wood block to a wood item without manually breaking it is to fuse tnt close enough to the wood block . unfortunately , tnt will also do the same to any block within a certain radius and there is a ~70% chance that no item will drop from the destroyed block .
its an actual game mechanic . usually , you have to kill all the elites to get your entire share of the loot . its like the loot is divided into parts , with the last one having roughly 70% of the entire loot that they will drop .
there are 18 confirmed patterns , and there are people who've managed to catch ' em all . here 's a youtube video that shows them all caught : these are the locations i have managed to piece together from firsthand experience and digging all over the internet , including various forums , reddit and tumblr posts ( linked below ) . locations river : australia ( new south wales and south australia confirmed , although it seems all states are the same ) meadow : austria japan france germany italy luxembourg uk us ( oregon ) elegant : japan ( hokkaido ) usa modern : usa ( alabama , arkansas , delaware , florida , georgia , illinois , indiana , iowa , kansas , kentucky , louisianna , maryland , minnesota , missouri , nebraska , nevada , north carolina , north dakota , ohio , oklahoma , south carolina , tennessee , texas , virginia , west virginia ) canada ( manitoba ) bulgaria polar : canada ( alberta , new brunswick , ontario , saskatchewan , quebec , nova scotia ) sweden norway usa ( alaska , conneticut , maine , massachusetts , michigan , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , rhode island , pennsylvania , wisconsin , wyoming ) garden : uk usa ( virginia ) czech republic ireland australia ( tasmania ) new zealand poland marine : austria chile france germany greece italy poland spain potugal greece continental : belgium france germany korea poland russia netherlands norway sweden usa ( colorado ) tundra : norway iceland sun : mexico icy snow : finland canada ( nuvanaut , yukon ) norway high plains : usa ( arizona , california , oregon , utah , idaho , washington colorado ) canada ( british columbia ) jungle : malaysia colombia singapore ocean : usa ( hawaii ) reunion ( island off the coast of madagascar ) savannah brazil peru sandstorm united arab emirates somalia monsoon hong kong india japan archipelago puerto rico saint lucia south africa ( western cape ) arizona ( us ) notes there are a few duplicates , especially in the us states , so please comment or edit if you find other locations , or if a listed location is invalid . it could be that you have not set your state in the 3ds , so make sure that your state is set . changing your 3ds location and catching scatterbugs does not work . apparently the game will only pick up your location at the start of the game , so you will need to restart if you want to change it . breeding foreign vivillion locally does not work either - the resulting scatterbug still counts as being from your region sources : serebii .net3ds forums r/vivillon gamefaqs pokebeach imgur youtube project pokemon tumblr another tumblr
unfortunately , there is currently no way to accomplish this . microsoft do not provide any function to merge gamertags .
disarm does not make your weapon disappear . unfortunately , draugr usually live in the dark , and it can be very hard to find individual anythings in skyrim , let alone in the dark crannies of its dungeons . so your bow will not have simply vanished , and should be findable , if you want to devote the time and effort into locating it . realistically , you have got a few options : load a previous save , fight the draugr wight again , and either avoid the disarm shout , or make sure you can pick up your bow immediately afterwards . find your bow . if you want to do this , i would suggest candlelight / magelight , and unrelenting force . light up the area , and randomly try and blow everything around . you might knock your bow loose , as we humans are better at tracking moving things than picking out still objects . mourn your bow and press on . there will be more elven bows down the road .
my recollection was that your method : roll + twist was the optimal one . the reason you could not do better was that you were balancing the difficulty of the trick ( which added speed ) against the cleanliness of the landing ( which maintained it ) . i think i remember that the additional complexity you could get by adding a directional move , etc . sometimes made the landing too rough , so the increase in " trick boost " was more than offset by the " friction " on the landing . also , it is nice to know that i am not the only one who remembers this game - i thought it was one of the best snes titles that never really got famous .
day [ 9 ] is your best resource when it comes to information on learning things as a player . more specifically , watch his " newbie tuesday " videos . on tuesdays he specifically focuses on tips and tricks for new players to get started , how to get yourself prepared mentally , and how to have fun doing it . to get over the " fear " of playing 1v1 you just need to go in with the attitude of , " it is okay if i lose " . because otherwise the anxiety will never have you playing solo games . i used to suffer from that a lot , even today i still have times where i feel that anxiety but nowhere near as bad as before . as you play more games , your attitude will change immensely . to get better you simply need to play more games which goes hand in hand with the previous paragraph . but it is not simply playing those games , it is learning from your losses . was your macro slipping ( did you have too many resources and not enough production ) ? did you scout enough ? did you recognize what type of build your opponent was going when you were scouting ? these are all very important things to keep in mind when playing and analyzing your losses . do not analyze your wins too much because you learn much more from your losses than from your wins . there is a " multi-tasking trainer " on battle .netwhich will help you learn how to micro , macro and spread creep . this map is good practice outside of regular games . you did not mention your race so i can not really give you advice there , but the general advice when it comes to races is to pick one and get good with one first . then learn the others . after you have picked a race , learn the ins/outs of every unit . what are your units good for ? what are they good against ? also learn little things like what armor type are they ? do they have bonuses versus other types of units ? as far as watching sc2 , if you want to see top level play , subscribe to the gsl . the top players in the world compete in this tournament year round . it is where the best of the best go to play and not-surprisingly , dominated by mostly koreans . but you can learn a lot from listening to tasteless and artosis cast these games and see things that the pros use and try to emulate their play . ( although really the best i have done is emulate the strategy and it still works ) . other tournaments such as the nasl , mlg , and dreamhack are really fun to watch as well . the teamliquid and screddit communities are also pretty good resources when you want to keep up with what is happening in the sc2 world , ask questions about strategy , and looking for teams to play with/get onto one . any other follow up questions , feel free to post as a comment and i will answer as best i can .
the ncr and caesar will warn you with the do not tread on the bear and beware the wrath of caesar quests respectively . when you see one of these quests appear , you are about to piss off a faction . completing another quest from the faction you are working for will permanently end their mission chain . dropping your reputation with the ncr or caesar will also cause this . mr . house does not have a trigger that stops you working for him but the other three all involve killing him at some point . unsurprisingly , this stops you working for him . yes man will never lock you out of his mission chain regardless of who you work for or even if you kill him ( he just uploads his personality into another securitron ) . if you plan to complete the game with him you can work for other factions right up until the final battle .
essentially , yes , you have . there are a few other things that it is possible you have not done yet , such as find all of the possible town npcs , but unless you plan on sandboxing , there is no real reason to seek them out , either . if you choose to be optimistic about the possibility of a future hardmode update to the mobile version , you could farm the wall of flesh to prepare yourself with the best gear possible , but as it is , you have more or less " won . "
put yourself in the other player 's shoes ( that is what nice people do -- this applies to real-life too ) . now imagine that you have just got a car ( say it is one you stole from an npc ) and spent loads of money pimping it out . it is shiny ! you are very happy with it :- ) then one day a ' bad sport ' comes along and pops a sticky bomb on your car and blows it to high-heaven . you are upset . but then you realise that you did not get insurance . d'oh ! and that makes you even more upset :- ( you take this pent-up rage and go off to find other players ' cars to blow up . you do not care if it is the same guy who just blew up your car , or just some other chump who caught you on a bad day . to satisfy your rage you blow up 10 players ' cars . those 10 people then get angry and go around blowing up even more cars . this spirals out of control until the world of gta becomes a ghost-town , with everyone gunning each other down at every available opportunity . at this point you have got mors mutual insurance on speed dial , and it is getting really tedious . i guess that is why r* had the forethought to banish all those d*cks to their own wasteland , to blow up each other 's cars . i have been in a few lobbies where my car gets blown up every 5 mins , but thankfully they are few and far between , mostly because of the ' bad sport ' system . so kids , the moral of the story is : do not be a d*ck . ( and make sure you have insurance , just in case you do come across any ! )
woah , i never expected such a question :d . no , there are no shopkeepers in doomrl , nor will there ever be . duplicate guns are useless , unless : you want to quickly swap between them ( using prepared slot ) you want to mod some of them later a second pistol might be useful if you want to go for dualgunner bfg 's are nice to carry cells ( they carry 100 , while a cell stack is 50 ) also , note that using " u " you can unload a weapon on the ground or in the inventory .
according to the wiki : prevents player from changing his/her trinket , unless they have mom 's purse . in return , reduces the health of all bosses by what appears to be 10-15% . ( this also affects bosses encountered at random through normal rooms )
the only places that have a chance to sell torches are general goods stores , of which there is only one in whiterun : belethor 's general goods . the problem is that , because general goods stores can potentially stock anything , whether or not he sells torches at any given time is a total crapshoot . you can keep refreshing his stock by waiting around for 48 hours , but it is probably easier to just fast travel to all the general goods stores or—easier yet—raid an uncleared dungeon that'll most likely have one or two .
move , then attack-move away , then as soon as they attack , issue a move command followed by another attack move . they will not stop moving until they can fire their shot . then they will fire instantly and you are free to move them again and repeat .
try using the forge lexicon to convert all your steel and put it back into the system you can read about the making of one the wiki .
some are given by developers on the forums . some are mentioned ( see galio ) in patch notes . some are pulled straight from the data files . some are calculated using their observed movement in game . note that projectile speed uses the same unit type as movement speed .
krampus can appear in any season , provided the player 's " naughtiness " is high enough . naughtiness is increased by killing innocent , i.e. , non-aggressive animals . the amount of naughtiness received depends on the animal- killing baby animals and larger animals is naughtier than killing butterflies . naughtiness decreases by a small amount every minute if the player does not kill anything innocent . source : http://dont-starve-game.wikia.com/wiki/krampus
from the plain sight complete beginner 's guide : targeting another basic mechanic that will take some getting used to is the targeting system . the tutorial shows you how to lock onto enemies , but here are some additional points to know : -when your targeting indicator turns red , it indicates that your “shot” is lined up . however , this doesn’t always guarantee a hit . sometimes the indicator becomes red when there is part of an object in the way , which you will glace off of and end up missing . be aware of that little red line and ensure it doesn’t pass through or too close to any surfaces before you try attacking . -on a similar note , the red targeting indicator tells you that given both players’ current speeds and trajectories , your dash will hit them . if the target suddenly dashes , changes direction , or otherwise messes with their speed/trajectory too much , you will still miss . make sure to watch for moments when your opponent will be unable to maneuver and release your dash at that point . -a red targeting indicator is not always required to hit . if you’re close to your target and the indicator isn’t red yet , you might still be able to hit them . also , once you begin dashing for an attack , the enemy might move into a position to get hit . keep your eyes open for these moments , and with time and experience , you’ll start to learn when dashing early is appropriate . hope this helps ! that guide is incredibly useful for new players of plain sight ; i would recommend giving it a good read-through .
among other things , you may be sensitive to : frame rate strobing or shifting colors sensation of movement disparity between visual and other sensory input depending on your platform and environment you probably do not have much control over these . you can try the following , but as david said you should probably consult with your doctor also . do not play in a dark room - leave a lamp or other soft light on position your chair and screen so that you are sitting comfortably and looking directly ahead at the screen play with whatever visual settings are available to maximize frame rate and minimize visual strobing back up a bit so that the screen does not dominate your vision . this has two effects - it minimizes the sensory conflict , and also minimizes your awareness of screen refresh/frame rate
no . you can cheat with things like the game genie , but she cannot be " legally " brought back .
they do not stack , so it stays at 50% no matter how many times you apply the debuff , however , applying a second healing reduction ability will refresh the timer .
when you select a dwarf in the ( u ) nit list , you must use zoom-cre ( c ) . this will center the screen on the dwarf in question , and allow you to the it is status ( z ) , ( w ) ounds , his ( i ) ventory and , what you are searching for , his ( p ) references . there , you can change his work preference . you can also view this screen by pressing ( v ) in the main screen , and move the cursor to the dwarf you want to view .
xcom : enemy within does not include slingshot mission pack . you can toggle whether you want to play it in advanced options when starting the game only if you have bought the dlc separately . screenshot taken in ew without slingshot , note the presence of meld . when available , operation slingshot checkbox appears right below operation progeny .
zombie bears is the best burst damage , no question . but that does not make it the " best build " . direbats can be substituted for zombie bears in many builds to change from short-range burst damage to long-range kiting . other builds rely on procs such as life on hit or chance to x ( stun/blind/immobilize/fear/etc . ) to reduce incoming damage , and in those builds there are many other skills that provide more benefit than zombie bears , such as acid cloud , big stinker , rain of corpses , or zombie dog . the reason these are superior in the proc builds is that they hit far more often per cast than zombie bears , and the life on hit coefficient for zombie bears is very low ( meaning that you get roughly 25% of the stated loh value for each hit of a zombie bear ) .
nope . there are also no real repercussions . more info is here some cops might try to shoot you when you leave , but other than that pretty much all you will see is a newspaper that talks about a massacre at the police station and some people will bring it up in conversation .
you can not use explosive gel above your head unless you are able to climb up really close . in both of these cases , you need to get on top of the structural weakness . careful exploration of the room in your first shot will reveal a way up ; your second example will be in your way as you are heading for hugo strange . do not worry about it until then .
okay , in my fifth run through calcelmos lab i finally found the reason . just in the second room ( you enter the lab , go a bit further , turn right and go further ) there is one wizard guard and , sadly , a normal markarth city guard . when it locates you , it places a bounty worth 5 on you ( probably because you should not be there ) . when you talk to him and try to pay him to strike out the bounty you will be teleported out of the lab . luckily the bounty is so small that you can convince him it is too much work to cope with you and he just leaves you alone . after not killing this guard , i could have the bounty removed on any other city guard after leaving the lab and the other city guards will not be hostile .
the mechanism that removes the grate is inside sinclair spirits ( the shop with the papier-mâché splicers lining the entryway ) . go behind the counter to press the button , and the storeroom off of the room you are in will be unlocked . head down there and take everything from the safe . the grate will remain in place until the safe is completely empty . if your wallet is full , find a vending machine and blow through some money , then return to the safe and clean it out . you may notice that the papier-mâché splicer statues are gone when you are on your way out ; this is normal and not a glitch . once you return to the common area , the grate should be gone and the basement open to you .
you can double-click on quests in your journal to switch them to the tracked quest . sometimes ( but not always ) this will label your target objective on both the minimap , and the map page ( default : m ) itself . the answer to your question , is flotsam 's castellan ( i think that is his title ? ) he is on the 2nd floor of the house directly to the left of the eastern gate out of flotsam ( with geralt facing towards lobinden ) . he is also the one you talk to to complete the nekker contract , and he is involved with the first part of the mystic river quest ( finding a royal postbox ) as well .
if you are within about 1-4 blows of killing an opponent , a " finishing move " animation may appear , depicting one or several fatal strikes from either a first-person view or third-person " killcam " . if the savage strike ( one-handed ) or devastating blow ( two-handed ) perks are unlocked , there is a chance that this will be a decapitation . note that under the right circumstances , npcs and dragons will also be able to perform finishing moves , both against each other and against you . source : uesp wiki , " skyrim : combat " article finishing / kill moves are not completely random . finishing moves are affected by the in-game variables , ' killmoverandom ' ( default : 50% ) , and ' decapitationchance ' ( default : 40% ) and various factors , some of which are : kill cameras will only be performed if killing the enemy will take the player out of the combat mode . due to this , killing the last active/aggressive enemy will often trigger a finishing move / kill cam . but this does not mean that only killing the last active/aggressive enemy will trigger a kill cam , e.g. killing an enemy while sneaking and remaining undetected will allow a kill camera , even if there are more enemies present . the opponent being killed . some enemies in the game seem to have no finishing moves associated with them . your position relative to the enemy . for example , there is a one-handed sword stab-through-the-middle execution that will only play if you are standing behind a humanoid opponent . there are also finishing moves which require your enemy to have surrendered and fallen down to their hands and knees . it should be noted that your steath state has an affect as well . eg , you can cut throats with a dagger . the terrain : finishing moves appear to depend on relative elevation . while it is possible to enter into a finishing move animation on uneven terrain , it is far more likely to happen if both you and the enemy are standing on a flat , level surface . other nearby obstacles : if the enemy npc is too close to an object like a table , it may interrupt the animation and leaving you standing there until enough time has passed and the game gives you back control of your character . chance : some animations seem to play more often than others . slow time : finishing moves will not trigger while under the effects of the dragon shout slow time . source : uesp wiki , " skyrim : combat " talk page ( edited to take into account the comments in reply to the original post ) | tes wiki , " kill camera " article ( edited to explain further ) you can modify the finishing move-related variables using the console commands , set killmoverandom to &lt;0-100&gt; and set decapitationchance to &lt;0-100&gt; . or , use mods like skytweak ( configuration page screenshot ) , the dance of death - a killmove mod ( configuration page screenshot ) or killmove control which have uis to help configure those settings . ' the dance of death ' mod can even remove the ' last active enemy ' restriction .
the courier is useful throughout the game as a way to gather new items without needing to slow down your experience/gold gain . the courier is frequently referred to as a ' donkey ' ' chicken ' or ' chick ' because of how it was in original dota . a flying courier is usually called a ' crow ' for the same reason . in the laning phase , it is very common for a hero that is losing the lane and low on health to use the courier to bring his character a healing salve or mana potion . if he instead walks back to the base , he is spend probably 60 seconds doing this where he is unable to gain any experience . if you use a tp scroll to return to your lane , now you have spent 60 seconds and 135 gold to heal , where you could have used the courier and 100 gold to bring you 400 hp worth of regen and not lost any experience . by doing this , now you might now have the advantage in lane and if your opponent does not make the same decision you can control the lane . during this phase , returning to your base to heal should usually be done only when you are low on both health and mana and thus are not much of a threat in the lane , or when you are no longer needed in your lane and do not have much mana ( as a support hero/roamer/ganker , typically ) . mana recovery through consumables takes longer and so it is more acceptable for a hero to back off to recover mana , but if you are at full health and not afraid of dying there is usually no reason to back off just because you are low on mana . later in the game , you can use the courier to pick up items for you at the secret shop , or after winning a teamfight , so that you can utilize the time when the enemy team is dead most efficiently . the bottom line is this : if you are playing as a hero who needs to constantly be farming , in an ideal game the number of times you return to the well to heal/recover mana should be zero . a couple of simple rules about couriers and courier etiquette : a support hero on your team should buy a courier at the very start of the game and upgrade it to a flying courier by no later than 3-4 minutes into the game . the most frequent usage of the courier is early in the game and so you drastically want the increased speed and safety of the crow . do not get the courier killed ! it is worth 150 or 175 gold each for the other team , and you do not get to use your courier for 3 minutes . that is a huge deal . in a dual lane , lanemates should put their items on the courier at the same time to minimize the number of trips needed . only use the courier when you have a few items saved up or it is very important , such as for healing salves or a tp . do not be a person who uses the courier every minute unless no one else on your team is utilizing it . if you have a solo mid hero whose laning power is highly dependent on getting an early bottle , you should not use the courier until he is gotten his bottle . if the courier is already doing something , do not touch it unless it is in danger . this will disrupt your teammate . if you do this by accident anyway , get the courier headed to a safe location near where you think it was going and just say ' reuse courier ' in chat .
doom49 , a well-known battlefield youtuber has posted this video with locations of the dogtags .
first , you can only fadc ryu 's dp if it hits something or is blocked . so put a dummy in front of you and set it to autoblock , then try . to fadc , you want to do : the shoruken motion , then immediately focus ( mp+mk ) , then dash ( left , left or right , right ) . the timing is tough at first but gets easier with practice . you should use ryu 's mp shoryuken , as that is his most common anti-air , or the ex version , as it can be fadc'ed on the second hit as well .
found a workaround ( credit to sebastian at thegameraccess . com ) : open the console ( press ~ or some other button like § or ½ depending on your keyboard layout ) , and type player.SetStage MG06 55 . that should take you to the next part of the event .
since the 1.8 snapshots , velocity is indeed maintained between teleports . minecraft wiki reference ( scroll down a bit )
scenery increases the pop of the facility and the satisfaction a customer gets after using it . this is particularly important for guests . layout effects occur when you place compatible facilities near one another or incompatible ones . they do not have any effect on popularity or price but they have an effect on the bonus , aka the 2nd facility tab . most people tend to focus on bath layouts ; i have a pretty decent layout for a bath ( f ) which will give you , in terms of compatibility , 5 for yth , 5 for adlt and 4.5 for snr but only 1 for grp . as for the bath next to it , same bonuses bu only 4 for snr .
if you carry a bucket of water around ( most vets do ) you can use the bucket of water to put yourself out . you can also brew fire resistance potions once your more established which can severly help the situation . if you have neither of these things , the most you can do is chuck as many of your items to a safe spot before you die to prevent the lava or fire from destroying them upon your death . note that fire does not always kill you , the damage it does can be found in the question murgatroid linked in the comment under my answer .
yes , after the latest patch many people have reported weird dragon behavior . for example dragons flying backwards . this should be resolved in a later patch .
education . . . there are two kinds . residential education comes from students returning to residential buildings . you can see buildings which have accumulated residential education points in the education dataview ( the green buildings ) . it does not matter which school the student returns from . . . that student brings 1 education point and leaves it in the building . industrial education ( tech level ) comes from kids entering community college or university and becoming students . you can see the effect of this with the tech level dataview . as kids enter the education building , purple lines will reach out to the industrial buildings and put tech points in them . points provided by the community college allow industry to upgrade to tech level2 . points provided by the university allow industry to upgrade to tech level 3 . you can go from t1 to t3 directly by skipping the community college . wealth levels . look at the population details screen . this screen will show you how many jobs are available for each wealth level . if you are striving for balance , you will consult this screen often . most buildings have jobs for all three wealth levels . the buildings seem to function fine without all three wealth levels present . lw - this is the most dense population type . if you want high population numbers ( or students ) , you want more of this type . these are also the main workers in t1 and t2 industry . low wealth residential reacts more strongly to unemployment than other wealth types . mw - main workers for t3 industry . half as many people per residential building as lw . hw - one sixth as many people per residential building as lw . the residential taxes work out to be about the same as other wealth levels when you factor in the parks . since there are fewer people in those buildings , the traffic and the need for services is greatly reduced . skip if you need more people in less space .
choosing to give josh over to cyrus results in you receiving a " city takeover " bonus , separate from the city takeover upgrade . choosing this bonus will not lock out the regular city takeover upgrade . using this bonus allows you to take control of one large area of the city of your choice . this area is outlined by a bold purple line , includes more than just a single diversion/property , and is named , like loren square or sunset park ( basically , the neighborhood division lines ) . it does not have to be within morningstar territory . taking control of the area will automatically complete all diversions in the area , as well as automatically give you all properties in the area .
that is not entirely true . . . you registered items via the select button in gsc , rse , frlg but not in dppt . it has been the y button ever since the main pokemon series games have been on ds . . . on dppt , it has been only one key item that you could register at a time accessible via the y button . on hgss , you could assign up to two key items , one accessible via y but both accessible via the touch screen . on bw and bw2 , you could assign multiple items ( including specific menus ) by checking a box . items that can be registered have a checkable box to their left , and menus that can be registered have a checkable box at the bottom of the touch screen . once they are registered , they can be accessed by pressing y and then navigating the list of items/menus you registered on xy ( i know it is not entirely on topic , but just mentioning it ) , you can register up to 4 key items , accessible by pressing y and then up , down , left or right on either the circle or d-pad . abbreviations used : gsc : gold/silver/crystal rse : ruby/sapphire/emerald frlg : firered/leafgreen dppt : diamond/pearl/platinum hgss : heartgold/soulsilver bw : black/white bw2: black 2/white 2
yes , if you have the steam client installed ( with or without the actual game ) you can find the game in your library , right click on it , then select " properties " . from there select the dlc tab to view your purchased dlc . alternatively , select the game in your library and click on " cd key " under the links . this will list your game and all your owned dlc .
start a game , go to options -> gameplay and turn on elective mode . you can then right click any skill slot ( or choose the slot on the skill screen ) and assign a skill from any category to it . there will be arrows on either side of the bar where the skills are shown for you to scroll between categories .
i did a run through with a new character , noting when each of the conversations became available . there are a few that the exact point in the quest is not 100% because a friend joined and i did not want to hold them up by running back after every single objective . once you have heard a conversation , if it was missable , it seems to stay around in stead so until i go through with another character and do not talk to anyone , i can not be certain when exactly they can be missed . deckard cain 's conversations are only in act i and since you can not speak to him after he enters his house once the doom in wortham starts , that is definitely when all conversations with him have certainly been missed . act i who are you ? : available from when you start shattered crown . prophecy of the end days : when you start shattered crown . your adopted neice : when you start shattered crown . mad king leoric : when you start shattered crown . the mysterious stranger : you get this conversation at the end of reign of the black king . the horadrim : when you start sword of the stranger . the archangel tyrael : after hearing the horadrim . origins of the coven : before you start the broken blade . leah and cain 's travels : sometime during the broken blade . it might be related to leah 's conversation leah 's childhood so i will have to do some testing . the worldstone : sometime during the broken blade i do not have the specific objective on this one . destruction of the worldstone : after hearing the worldstone .
exactly the same as the ancillary shield booster blueprints are . from ccp fozzie 's devblog : their blueprint copies are found in all the same places where other blueprints for prototype modules such as the asb can already be acquired . i.e. spawn as bpcs in exploration sites around k-space . bpcs will vary from 3 to 50 runs and will also drop from officer and commander spawns .
the only " permanent " choices are the results of the " evolution missions " . ( for an example , see here : raptor or swarmling zerglings in hots ? ) the ' smaller ' evolved benefits , available directly from the evolution pit ( once you unlock the unit ) may be changed at any time , as can kerrigan powers . the zergling lemon juice allergy , however , you are stuck with .
i set up two mushroom gardens to test this : one : -200 feet , torches every few steps under the one block of mud , about 4 mushroom grass planted at the same time . two : -800 feet two mushroom grass planted at the same time , one with a torch underneath , one with no torch . result : in garden one the tall mushrooms grew all over the place at about the same time . in garden two the tall mushroom grew under the torchless portion first . conclusion : torches do not really matter , just be at negative depth , give about 20-25 blocks of space above . above all , wait . the tall mushrooms take a while to show up .
there are 2 possibilities as far as i know . use the console : bring up the console and type RESETSKILLS to reset all your skills . remember however , this may flag your account as suspicious in multiplayer ! how to enable the console in torchlight ii overview of all the commands in torchlight ii use a shared stash savefile : there is a shared stash savefile here , to get potions that let you reset skillpoints . this will not flag you as a cheater , but is a little different . first , quit the game and turn off steam cloud . then , navigate to your torchlight ii save folder ( typically : C:\Users\Username\Documents\My Games\Runic Games\Torchlight 2\save\RandomNumbers ) and make a copy of ( or just rename ) the sharedstash . bin file . now extract the sharedstash . bin file of the above link in the save folder . you can now launch the game again and in your Shared Stash there will be some potions . using a potion resets all your skillpoints . finally , to get your original shared stash back ( not necessary if it was empty at first ) , you quit the game again , remove the downloaded sharedstash . bin file and replace it with the original sharedstash file .
the answer , in fact , is yes . upon very close inspection , i noticed that bus stops/stations , streetcar stops/stations , train stations , and ship terminals all are detrimental to the highest wealth land value . this is not made clear at all by any tooltip in the game . each of the mass transit options indicate that they transport low- and medium-wealth sims around the city , but not that they have negative effects on the high wealth populace . i had just assumed that the high wealth sims simply would not use the system . to test this , i left the land value data layer open and removed bus stops and streetcar stops in my high wealth district . with each sign or stop removed , the high wealth coloring filled in completely where it had been spotty . if i added back the stop , it became spotty again . also , when checking the happiness of buildings around the stops , sometimes they would indicate " undesirable " neighbors . once the stop was removed , that complaint went away . this does not apply to school bus stops , only to mass transit stops .
there is the term " 2.5d " , which combines a lot of concepts , a lot of them still heavily in use today . what games like doom and duke nukem 3d do is called billboarding . here , a 3d environment is used and 2d sprites ( usually always facing towards the camera ) are inserted into the world . the term " billboarding " derives from the way it is presented - a flat " board " facing the camera and displaying the content . other techniques , such as axonometric and particularly isometric view are also used in a lot of instances to give the illusion of a 3d environment , rather than a true 3d environment .
some subsystems have a small " head " icon above their power levels . these systems are : piloting shields weapons engines by staffing these systems with a crew member , you increase the abilities of that system . when you send a crew member into an unstaffed room , you can see them head straight for the console and start working there . from my observations : staffing the cockpit and the engine room increases your chance to dodge . the engine room also has the added benefit of reducing ftl charge time when staffed . please note that staffing the cockpit is required for almost everything ; the engines will not recharge even if someone is manning the engine room . your dodge chance also goes to 0% if no one is trying to pilot the ship ; it is an inert hunk of metal . staffing the shield system results in shields recharging faster . staffing the weapons system results in your weapons charging faster . staffing the door control system results in your doors upgrading a level . staffing the sensor control system results in your sensors also upgrading a level . the amount of the benefit you receive is based on the crew member 's system skill level , which you can see by going to ship --> crew , and hovering over the crew member . they will gain experience by working on the system , increasing the bonus they provide to the relevant system . you can occasionally see your crew gain experience by seeing yellow icons appear above them . these icons will match the system they are currently working on . note that it does not seem like crew gain experience when the ship is not in danger , so staying in a system doing nothing is unlikely to help your crew gain experience . the exception to this , as @halfwarr noted , is asteroid fields . since your ship is continually in danger and the asteroid damage can be mitigated , this is probably an excellent way to gain skill . this is no longer valid with the full release . also , there is only a single console per system , no multiple crew members do not provide any bonus beyond faster repair speed in the event the system becomes damaged . this is easily testable by sending another crew member to the cockpit ; the first one will provide a bonus to dodging when he reaches the console . the second will not increase your ability to dodge . i have not unlocked all ships , however , so it may be possible that some of the later ships have multiple consoles for some or all systems , in which case , multiple crew members would provide a greater bonus .
i believe that they will spawn in newly generated areas . by that i mean they may be spawned when the game create more chunks .
bioshock : infinite starts in medias res . there are a lot of details of the " hows " and " whys " that will be explained as you play . from the outset , you should know that the player character is booker dewitt , a private detective who has been hired by a pair of rather unusual people to retrieve a rather unusual girl from a rather unusual city . the game is quite linear , so there is little to no chance that you will get lost and not be able to figure out what to do next . just keep following along , and eventually the plot will start to come into focus . however , the plot can be relatively difficult to understand , so i will not go so far as to say that eventually things will make sense : ) there is little to no dependency between bioshock 1/2 and infinite . if you have not played the first two , you might miss out on some understanding of a few late game moments , but it is nothing major . i believe the " burial at sea " dlc is more tightly tied to bioshock 1 , so you might want to play that game first if you plan on playing the dlc .
winuae uses the queryperformancecounter function for timing , and it may be inaccurate on some systems as described here .
no , not without mods ( and even then this is functionality most modders do not care about creating ) . you are going to have to hunt them the old-fashioned way . look for signs of passage : half-harvested trees , temporary shelters , mined ore , cobblestone . lay traps : place tempting things and wait in a camouflaged spot . find their base ( s ) .
the pvz wiki has a bunch of useful info on chocolate . here 's how you get more chocolate in most ( all ? ) versions of the game : randomly from killing zombies . occasionally eating a brain in i , zombie . a streak of 3 in i , zombie endless . a streak of 10 in vasebreaker endless . sometimes after a grave buster eats a grave during a night level . ( from the wiki ) the puzzle game mode methods seem to be a much more reliable method of earning chocolate ( and rare plants ) than just killing zombies in the story mode . note that you can only hold 10 chocolates at once , so once you have 10 in stock keep using them . for those who do not know , chocolate will not spawn until you have stinky the snail .
okay , there are seven regular legendaries in the game ( s ) . the three " letter " ( i just made this term up myself ) legendaries are : xerneas - only obtainable in pokemon x yveltal - only obtainable in pokemon y zygarde you can also catch mewtwo , which can be evolved into mega mewtwo x/y . and finally , you can get one of the roaming , legendary bird trio : articuno ( if your starter is chespin ) zapdos ( if your starter is fennekin ) moltres ( if your starter is froakie ) a method for catching the roaming legendaries can be found here . it is not the same as earlier generations .
piloting a crew member who is controlling a helm gains one point of experience for each incoming projectile that is dodged during combat . this includes asteroids , so long as you are in combat at the time . ( note that the dodges do not count while you ship is under the effects of +60% evasion from a cloak . ) this can be explicitly trained by finding an enemy that cannot break through your shields , and letting him fire at you . increasing your dodge chance ( i.e. . more power to engines ) will help this occur quicker , but even with the default chance you can max out the skill eventually . engines exactly as for piloting , a crew member manning the engines gains one point of xp for each projectile evaded while uncloaked in combat - and so it can be trained in the same way . weapons a crew member who is manning the weapons station gains one point of experience for each weapon that is fired . it does not matter whether it hits or misses , or whether it can do damage ( e . g . a beam weapon fired at a shield ) . ( multi-shot weapons such as burst lasers still count as a single fire order and hence a single xp . ) this can be trained by firing non-lethal weapons ( e . g . ones that do ion damage ) repeatedly against a target that cannot damage you . shields a crew member manning the shields station gains one point of experience for each shield " bubble " that is brought back up during combat . it does not matter why the shields were down , be that direct enemy fire , ion damage , asteroid strikes , or even manually removing and then restoring power to the shield systems . this can be trained by letting a target that cannot break through all of your shields repeatedly take one layer down . ( for fastest results , move your pilot away from the helm , or reduce your engines to 0 power . this will reduce your dodge chance to 0% , ensuring that everything hits your shields . ) note that you used to be able to manually remove power and restore it in combat , to get points , but this has been patched . repair a crew member gains one point of experience for getting the " finishing blow " when repairing a ( sub ) system . note that hull breaches provide no repair experience . there is no specific way to train this as it requires your systems to be damaged . though you can focus the xp gains by always having the same person run around and repair everything after a battle . combat a crew member gains one point of experience for getting the finishing blow when fighting an enemy crew member or ( sub ) system . this generally gets trained in " real " situations . however , since xp is gained for taking out systems , a few extra xp can be gained from boarding if one tries to take out the enemy 's systems before the crew .
sorry to disappoint , but the headphone jack on the controller is for voice communications only . game sounds , music , etc . are all played through the display device ( tv/monitor ) . to get the audio from the xbox to your headset you will need some sort of converter cable/connector that turns the red/white connector that goes to your tv to the jack that you have on your headset .
try this : 1 . move grey block on ground on the left hand side over one more to the left so it is sitting right in the corner . 2 . move red square in top left hand corner over one so it falls on top of the grey block and turn that red block to stone 3 . move the grey block that is on the ground underneath the stone you just turned to stone - move that to the right into the blue transmitter tunnel . when it arrives , immediately move it to the right hand corner on the ground . it should now be in the bottom-most right hand corner of your screen . 4 . move the grey block on the top left hand side ( top left corner of screen ) over one so it sits on top of the block you just turned to stone , and then move it into the pink transmitter tunnel . it will land right on top of the other grey block you have put there . immediately move that upper grey block into the blue tunnel to its right . 5 . that grey block will arrive in the middle of the screen in the right corner . move it to the left so it is next to the pink whirlwind dot , on the right hand side , so that it is in place for one of the red squares to fall on top of it . move one of the red blocks there on top of this block , and immediately turn that block to stone . use that same grey block that is there ( underneath the one you just turned to stone ) and move that to the left , drop it off the end of that layer and move it then to the right , into the pink transmission tunnel . it arrives on top of the yellow block on top right hand side of screen . immediately move it over one move , so that it drops to the ground . leave it there . 6 . move the yellow block to the left and move it over the grey block , into the blue transmitter tunnel . . it arrives in the middle of the screen , just to the right of the red block . leave it there for now . 7 . go to the grey block in the top right corner of the screen , and move it through the transmitter tunnel to its right . it appears on the ledge just below the red and yellow blocks . move that to the right , position it under the yellow square , and then move the yellow block into that square , and it turns to stone . 8 . move that grey block over one more time so it is right in the corner , underneath the red square . 9 . go to the bottom right hand corner of the screen , to that grey block , and move that left into the pink transmitter tunnel . it arrives in the middle of the screen - all you do is move it over to the right one move , so that it sits on top of the grey block , and then move the red block into place . voila ! source : android forums . com
shields can be killed from the front ( through their shields ) when using a shotgun equipped with ap slugs or when using a sniper rifle . from payday wiki : combining any shotgun with ap slugs grants the weapon with the shield-piercing capability . . . shield units can be killed by shooting through their shields with any sniper rifle . additionally , there is an achievement for killing 10 shields through their shield using the r93 sniper rifle ( maximum penetration ) and an achievement for killing 50 shields with ap slugs ( knock , knock )
you get 75% back of the cost , minerals and gas . so if you cancel a building that costs 200 minerals and 100 gas , you will get back 150 minerals and 75 gas . an extracter cost 25 minerals , 25% of it is 6 ( after rounding ) , so that is what you lose for canceling it . notice that this only applies to buildings - canceling a unit or an upgrade gives back the full amount of minerals and gas spent .
houses need to fulfill a set of requirements to be considered a proper house . the step-by-step guide to making a house is as follows : the room must be at least approximately 42 blocks away from any corruption . build the walls and roof . the room must be five tiles tall at the least , not counting the roof itself . the floor cannot be only wood platform , there must be a place for the npc to stand without him standing on wood platforms . make sure the room is big enough to be considered a proper house as well . fill in the house with background walls . any player-placed wall will work . place a light source inside the room . a torch on the wall works fine , but you can also use candles and other such fancy items . you can make said fancy decorations with metals at an anvil . place at least one " comfort item" ( chair ) and a " flat surface item" ( table ) in the house . place a door in the house , in one of the walls . assuming you have done everything right , the game should treat your room as a house . the first house you build will be taken by the guide , and any further houses by whichever npcs appear . there is also a size limit ( 60-750 tiles including walls , floor and ceiling ) , and the first house you build will always go to the guide .
i have developed an application to watch a server ( you can see the server map currently played , the players . . . ) . it is located in the systray and it provides an option to automatically join a server when it detects a free slot . see the website .
it appears to be at the end of stage 3-1 . ( source ) i have unfortunately never been able to perform this trick . the potential of 99 lives does you no good if you die every time you go for it .
after some further testing , it appears that the amount of will received as a bonus during promotions is random , within the range of 2-10 . this means you will always get at least +4 will from a promotion , with the possibility of anything upto +12 .
there is no one-best-recipe . your vassals should never have too many titles - in this case they will have power to singlehandedly overthrow you and usurp your title or make you to lower crown authority or taxes or levy size . and be sure - there will be time when they want it . also do not give titles to someone who hates you - in this case make them your vassal 's vassal - this is a suitable solution for unlanded sons or brothers . it also makes them harder to raise war for your crown , because they should firstly became duchies , and this involves war with their liege , whom they may hate no so strongly . give titles to ppl who have content trait ( +50 relations ) , to someone with same sins and virtues as you , also try to make your king as good as your can - virtuous , kind , just , prestigious , pious . look for vassals ' background - do not give land title to priests and mayors - they will have " wrong government type " penalty . respect - is everything . you can fight with rebel vasslas , but not with all of them at the same time . hope they will be helpful !
the re-up symbols cycle through a star , a star with a circle background , a star with a cog symbol background : 1 re-up #1: bronze star re-up #2: bronze star with circle background re-up #3: bronze star with cog symbol background re-up #4: silver star re-up #5: silver star with circle background re-up #6: silver star with cog symbol background re-up #7: ( unconfirmed ) gold star re-up #8: ( unconfirmed ) gold star with circle background re-up #9: ( unconfirmed ) gold star with cog symbol background re-up #10: ( unconfirmed ) wings
yes they will . you can either fence off the crops , place blocks above them , or disable all crop trampling from mobs by using /gamerule mobGriefing false 
this is a big question to be quite honest so i will break the answer down to smaller bits regarding defense , attack and so on . i will not be writing about classes and i will try to talk more about mechanics rather than specific strategies ( although i might note a few ) . defense to answer your question in my opinion , in the long run practicing defense is more important than offense . you can get lucky with attacks but defense is completely in your control and if you have stellar defense you can force your enemy to make mistakes and punish them for it . i like the oft used quote with chivalry players : " you have to block with your face " . many players have problems with blocking in chivalry because they do not understand how the blocking/parrying mechanics work . in order to block you have to be starring at the end of the enemy 's weapon and it has to be as close to the center of the screen as possible . often you hear chatter about how some weapons are inherently harder to block because of their range and/or shape . one example is the dane axe , it can appear to clip shields or be unblockable but the problem is that the defender is not compensating enough to block the weapon . you need to look vertically at the sky to block an upclose vertical dane axe attack and that means looking away at the enemy which some players may feel uncomfortable about . this might be an issue you are having trouble with and in which case the only way to improve is to continually fight with the same weapon setups until you get better . another aspect of defense that is important is spacing . it is extremely important to know the range of your weapon vs the enemy 's . as a rule of thumb shorter weapons are faster and long weapons are slower . always try to remain in your weapon 's optimal range and if possible stay out of your enemy 's range . your goal in terms of spacing is to make the enemy whiff an attack and punish them . vary your walking and running patterns in battle and move in and out of the enemy 's range to make them whiff an attack . just be aware that your enemy is probably doing the same and you are constantly contesting each other and trying to force an error . offense offense centers a lot on your weapon of choice , fast , short and deadly weapons like the falchion will make you want to be upclose . with the speed of the falchion you can interrupt enemy attacks and constantly sidestepping trying to get behind the enemy making your attacks harder to block . with a large weapon like the halberd you will want to stay outside the range of small weapons and try to poke away as they try to approach . as they get close you are at risk of getting interrupted , however you can always kick them away if you need some breathing room . all melee weapon attacks have a windup , during the windup you can be interrupted cancelling the rest of the attack . with speedy weapons it is possible to link a barrage of attacks to prevent enemies from attacking . what the defending must do is somehow force the attacker to whiff , block attacks and punish or kick the enemy away . you can also feint during windup . the basic uses for a feint is to fool an enemy into blocking/parrying . you will see a lot of this with more experienced player they will chain feints until you start parrying before they will commit to an attack . however feinting does take stamina , and you can use this against your opponent by continually moving and not getting fooled by their feints . also , during a feint a player is relatively defenseless so you can use this to your advantage and attack them if you know that they are going to feint ( this requires knowledge of how your enemy plays , and is essentially a " read " on the opponents next move ) lastly , after the windup all attacks cannot be interrupted . what this means is , with certain classes like the knight you can commit to an attack knowing that you will get hit . due to the knight 's high defense you can trade blows with the enemy and come out on top . some weapons like the maul fit well into this strategy , the weapon has tremendous power however has a slow wind up and attack speed . thus , you can start your windup early and rush to your opponent 's range . an inexperienced opponent will try to attack you , however since you are on the last stage of the attack this will cause them to get hit . however armed with a maul , every trade is a trade you win . stamina and health management stamina is very important because with no stamina you can not perform any action and even a successful block will leave you stunned and helpless . so try to not always sprint , and manage your stamina such that if push comes to shove you will have the stamina advantage during a long and arduous duel . remember that you can recover health , if you just survived a battle with a sliver of health just chill and stand around . do not go rushing into your next battle as you will be severely disadvantaged . an issue i found with newer players is they are all too eager to die , just chill and walk into battle or let the battle walk to you ( unless you are fighting archers then you want to run around like a headless chicken ) . game type : in terms of what game type to play to get better : free-for-all in my opinion is the worst type of game to get better at because it is too chaotic . you will not learn too many useful strategies as you are mostly just running around trying to gank other players . duels are great for getting better as you can learn the game mechanics very quickly . you can learn the range and speed of certain weapons , how to defend against specific tactics and ultimately develop your own playstyle . the only downside is that you will not learn team strategies and you will not be a better team player in other game modes . also you will never get to a n vs 1 situation . team objective/deathmatch most people play on this mode and it is fun . it is more organised than free-for-all , but less so than duels . so it is not a bad place to practice , but to get better understand the game mechanics duels are the place to go . you can set up a server and play with bots , however i find this to be a terrible way to get better because the bots do not play at all like a human would and you will not get anything much out of it . notes this is a game that requires good latency , try to find games with &lt ; 100 ping . any larger than that and the game becomes more and more unpredictable . and lastly keep practicing unlike shooters which most players are experienced with you have to allow some learning period for this game . oh and please comment if you think i need to cover some points into more detail or did not answer your question adequately : )
it is an unfortunate side effect of certain games . . . i think uncharted vita used to do it or something . as far as i can tell , it is simply the game disabling network features for . . . some reason , and there is nothing you can do to keep it from happening . i thought this was a bug or something that was fixed since i have not seen it in months , but i guess devs can still do it . it is possible the dev is " helping " by turning off network features to save your battery life , this is apparently why uncharted does it .
if a container is not owned by an npc , you can take from it without consequence . sometimes it is not obvious which containers are owned , and which are not . there are three common reactions which are immediately visible when you attempt to steal from npcs . ( this includes stealing directly from the npc 's person , as well as stealing from containers ) the npc will ignore it , and there will be no consequence whatsoever . this usually means that the container was not owned ( by them ) or they did not see you taking items from it . the npc will react negatively . this is usually indicated by dialogue which pops up over top of them . if you are caught attempting to steal from a container or directly from an npc 's inventory , you will typically not receive the item ( s ) or xp in this failed attempt . multiple failed attempts at stealing ( getting caught ) will sometimes cause the associated npc to enter combat and attack you . the npc will attack you immediately . there are some differences in success rate between stealing items off of an npc , and stealing from a container which is owned by them . let us assume that we have a 50% success rate at stealing any item . when you steal from an npc 's person , there is a check for each item that you steal : you open the inventory menu of an npc to steal from them . you take one item from their inventory . a check is made to see whether or not you successfully stole the item . ( 50% chance to get this one item ) if you are caught : you do not get the item , the inventory screen closes , and one of the top 3 scenarios occurs . if you were not caught : you get the item , and repeat the process . the odds are not in your favour at this rate since the check is made for each item . when you steal from a container which an npc owns , only one check is made : you open the inventory menu of the container which you are stealing from . you can move as many items into your inventory as you want and no checks are made . when you close the menu , a single check is made using the same chance to steal as you get when stealing just one item . ( 50% chance to steal all items selected ) if you are caught : you do not get the item , the inventory screen closes , and one of the top 3 scenarios occurs . if you were not caught : you get all of the items . your odds of stealing more items are much better as the check was only made once . so , if you are stealing from a container , make it count and grab as much as you can . the penalties if you mess up are the same for stealing one item as they are for stealing one hundred items . note : your chance of stealing an item is impacted by 3 factors : your steal skill . your sneak skill ( if you have sneak turned on ) . the npc 's visibility of you also affects your sneak success rate . if you are behind someone and sneaking+stealing , you have a better chance of success than attempting it in front of them . remember that light affects your sneak success rate . perks which enhance your stealing abilities .
go the the graphics settings and turn off vsync . for some reason , possibly a bug , this setting can cause the game to have long load times . it seems that ssd installations are particularly susceptible .
diamond / master terran here : first of all , this is not a reaper map ! as you explain , the cliffs are not suited for such an attack at first hand . the only real good thing you can use a reaper too , is if your enemy goes for a fe - then you can try to deny it ! the map is good for either : 2 / 3 rax stim / combat shield push . and expand behind it ! ( pull back if theres a wall off , or the enemy have 2 or more canons or bunkers and or siegetanks - enter the mid game from here ) widowmine drop versus protoss or zerg . and expand behind it ! ( drop one or two at the prim . mineralline , and 1 at the ne versus zerg ) fe . 10 min . timing with bio and 1/1 upgrades with stim and shields + 2 medivacs . ( versus zerg and protoss ) take advantage of your possibilities to drop and push at the entrance ! banshee harras versus a terran . and expand behind it ! kill-list 1 . workers 2 . marines 3 . supplydepots 4 . tech . ( add-ons etc . ) ( based on my own experience - so not saying its the best sollution ) it is a fairly short map , keep that in mind . a fast expansion in to a bio and tank build is also pretty good , as your tanks can wrech havock on the enemys ne .
depending on how far along you are , there are a couple of options . if you are just starting out , you could probably try ( carefully ) blowing them up with tnt . just go one at a time , and remember to stay clear of your actual buildings . wood and leaves have low blast resistance , so it should not be too hard to blow it all up . if you are a little further along , you could use a couple of mining wells to get rid of the trunk . alternatively , you could use a quarry , but that is a pretty expensive piece of kit . on my own world , i recently got rid of one of these by using a mining laser . while i was doing that , i actually did set them on fire , though that might be something specific to the laser . i have also tried to remove one of these with a logger , but that did not seem to work . finally , if you want to go the alchemy direction instead of the technical direction , i am sure a destruction catalyst would do the trick . it is a bit expensive though , and assumes you already have a philosopher 's stone .
i switched sides in order to find out . . .
a blue chest can be unlocked by casting the spell spring lock on them . this spell is unlocked after restoring the heart of ding dong dells king .
there are 511 . i made the following spreadsheet , which might be of interest to somebody who wants to track their progress : http://www.thunderpeel2001.com/gamefaqs/mgs2-missions.xlsx here 's the complete list i put together : raiden vr missions sneaking - sneaking x 10 sneaking - eliminate all x 10 weapon mode x 40 first person view mode x 5 variety mode x 7 alternative missions bomb disposal mode x 5 elimination mode x 10 hold-up mode x 10 photograph mode x 6 raiden total = 103 raiden ( ninja ) ( available when raiden is 50% or higher ) vr missions sneaking - sneaking x 10 sneaking - eliminate all x 10 weapon mode x 5 variety mode x 1 alternative missions bomb disposal mode x 5 elimination mode x 10 raiden ( ninja ) total = 41 x raiden ( available when raiden and raiden ( ninja ) are both 100% ) vr missions streaking mode x 1 x raiden total = 1 snake vr missions sneaking - sneaking x 10 sneaking - eliminate all x 10 weapon mode x 40 first person view mode x 5 variety mode x 7 alternative missions bomb disposal mode x 5 elimination mode x 10 hold-up mode x 10 photograph mode x 7 snake total = 104 pliskin ( available when snake is 50% or higher ) vr missions sneaking - sneaking x 10 sneaking - eliminate all x 10 weapon mode x 40 variety mode x 2 alternative missions bomb disposal mode x 5 elimination mode x 10 hold-up mode x 10 pliskin total = 87 snake ( tuxedo ) ( available when snake and pliskin are both 100% ) vr missions sneaking - sneaking x 10 sneaking - eliminate all x 10 weapon mode x 40 variety mode x 2 alternative missions bomb disposal mode x 5 elimination mode x 10 hold-up mode x 10 snake ( tuxedo ) total = 85 snake ( mgs1 ) ( available when snake ( tuxedo ) is 100% ) vr missions sneaking - sneaking x 10 sneaking - eliminate all x 10 weapon mode x 40 variety mode x 3 alternative missions bomb disposal mode x 5 elimination mode x 10 hold-up mode x 10 snake ( mgs1 ) total = 88 total vr missions = 358 total alternative missions = 153 total missions = 511
if villagers are emitting hearts , then you have done all you could for them . now it is only a matter of them entering love mode simultaneously , which is entirely in the hands of god of random . i have been frustrated with my villagers not mating once , too . you can not do anything , regrettably . just ensure your villagers can meet easily once they want to and wait - possibly find yourself something to do nearby .
under normal conditions , you simply can not . you can not use the desktop version of minecraft on ipad because you can not run the java files on ipad . a non-jailbroken ipad will never allow java to run like that . some people are trying to get this to work with jailbroken ipads which can run java . it is still not working , and only an ipad 3 would yield remotely acceptable performance for a low-end server . i strongly recommend against trying unless you are doing this as a " because i can " project . if you mean for minecraft pocket edition , you can just play locally with other mpe players over wifi . it is really easy , but it is not a " minecraft server " in the same sense and desktop players will not be able to access your " server " .
download the takeownership zip from here use the installtakeownership . reg go to skyrim in your program files . right click on the skyrim folder and click on the new take ownership button . go remap your keys and see if it saves them now .
points in scribblenauts games are generally calculated based on the number of objects you summoned , with lower numbers of objects being better . there is generally a ' par ' number assigned to a level , and the further under par you are , the more points you will score .
burst laser ii uses 2 power . upgrade weapons system capacity one more and buy an additional bar of power .
according to readings around the internet - no official sources - it is random . in my experience it has been random . i think i have gotten 2 heavies , 3 snipers , 3 support , and 2 assaults ( still have a few rookies yet to get tested out ) . how many guys have you seen promoted ? note that i play rookies exactly one way : move closer to enemies . draw fire . go through doors first . shoot or capture if possible . pat on back if they survive the mission . ; )
i am sorry , but no there is not .
no . ammos can only set up detonation combos , but they cannot trigger them .
you have to use the tribal spear of summoning and teleport to the entrance when you hit the wall , you can make stairs with the tribesmen .
you do not get a double bonus by claiming the other faction 's datacron . i confirmed this on corellia by hopping onto the railway and running all the way to the imperial landing area and then locating the datacron in that part of the planet . it gave me the same dialog as though i had clicked on a republic datacron that i already had ; basically " you have already learned the power from this datacron " or something of that sort . others may say that you are denied access . bonus fun fact : the tiny vista that you ride through on the republic train just before reaching the second adventure area on corellia is almost identical to the new black hole quest area . a couple of the buildings or props have been moved , but the layout is identical . because of the angle you see it from the train , you can hardly tell .
merchants in general in skyrim get their gold back in 48 hours . as stated in this answer to a similar question , you can simply press t to wait the 48 hours until she restocks . ( interestingly , uesp also mentions that saving , forcing tonila into the recovery position , and then loading the save should force her to restock , regenerating her gold . ) there are many more fences that you will unlock as you progress through the thieves ' guild quest line . you eventually unlock 6 stationary fences and 3 roaming fences , for a total of 9 . additionally , progressing through the thieves ' guild quest line will increase the gold available to up to 4000 gold . finally , the speech skill contains a perk that turns any merchant you invest in into a fence .
yes you can . when you sell the stolen goods to a fence , or a merchant if you have the perk , and repurchase it , it will no longer be stolen . there are some items that retain the stolen flag , such as unique items from the falmar museum .
this is no longer relevant for the current version of minecraft , but in minecraft beta 1.8.1 , endermen were able to pick up and any solid , entirely cubic block except the following : any double slab bedrock chest dispenser furnace jukebox monster spawner note block piston and sticky piston snow block they can , however , pick up the following blocks which are not entirely solid cubic blocks : cactus flower ( both types ) mushroom ( both types ) notably , tilled farmland is not a full height block and the endermen cannot pick it up , but if they walk on it , turning it back into a dirt block , they can pick up that dirt block . likewise , endermen cannot pick up stairs ( any type ) , half slabs ( any type ) , fences , doors , gates , iron bars , cobwebs , beds or cake . endermen cannot pick up things attached to blocks , such as buttons , ladders or redstone wire . however , they can pick up the block it is attached to , which will cause the attached thing to drop as if the block was destroyed . endermen can pick up both naturally occurring blocks and blocks placed by players . in the minecraft 1.8 pre-release they were able to move bedrock , but as of minecraft 1.8.1 this was no longer possible . they cannot pick up water or lava . ( sources : sir_tiffy on reddit , mrpixeltech on youtube , testing in creative mode , and the swiss cheese pattern of ender-holes in my monster grinder )
magic find is calculated using the increased item quantity ( iiq ) and increased item rarity ( iir ) of the player that gets credit for the kill . if a minion gets the kill , then any iiq/iir from support gems affecting that minion are applied first . from my experience this also affects opening chest , so when we go out in a party , we usually have the person with the highest mf open the chests . i think iiq is the only stat that will give you more orbs , while iir increases the rarity ( color ) of an item . edit thanks to kexlox for finding this information on iiq in parties : when in a party , each player in the party after the first gives a +50% item quantity modifier on drops . source : mechanics thread
from the adventure board , choosing to start at a different tier is simple ! here 's the normal view . if you want to start at tier 2 instead of tier 1 . . . simply click the " tier 2" in the middle of the adventure board . the tax , if applicable , will be shown below the energy cost .
blind affects auto-attacks only . instead of damage numbers , a yellow " miss " will display instead . blind interacts oddly with on-next-hit spells , like garen 's decisive strike and xin zhao 's 3-talon strike . the auto-attack damage is negated , but any spell effect still goes through . this means , for instance , that xin will knock your champion up on a 3rd hit , even when he is blind . " blind has no effect on lee sin the blind monk . " in an april fool 's video , riot joked that lee sin was immune to the effects of blind , but this is not the case .
no , each character 's bank account is their own . think of it this way , if you were pulling heists in irl with a character like trevor , do you really want him having access to your cut ? or do you think trevor would want to share michael or franklin , i think not .
you should be able to cure your lycanthropy after completing all of the " main " companions quests , if you wish to do so . spoiler : it is done inside the tomb of ysgramor ( same place you cure kodlak ) , and i believe you need to be carrying an extra glenmoril witch head for yourself ( you can get these during one of the quests ) .
no , becoming a werewolf cures vampirism and makes you immune to diseases .
absolutely . the trick , however , is that there are actually multiple pirate factions . being friends with 1 faction does not mean you will be friendly with another faction . the easiest way to befriend a pirate is first to have access to a tl so you can do a lot of station building missions . the elephant is a great choice since its the fastest , but if you got the marines , the terran atmospheric lifter has the biggest capacity and decent speed . next , spend some time jumping from pirate sector to sector ( i like to go to the pirate sector east of ptni headquarters as well as loomankstrat 's legacy . duke 's hq is another good place to go to , but there is always a m1 or m2 patrolling there so be careful ) . fly up to the pirate base/stations there and see if they have any station building missions . those are the best at bumping up reputation , and also creates additional pirate stations for you to potentially obtain missions from . a few things to watch out for : make sure the mission you are accepting is from a pirate . typically their face has an eye patch or they are covered with scars , etc . i believe there are at least 2 , if not 3 , pirate factions ( not including the yaki ) even though they all show up the same . even if your rep is high enough with them , some pirate ships remain hostile to you no matter what . others will turn blue if you approach and then scan them . if duke 's hq is hostile to you and you think your rep is high enough with them , then what you have to do is force a ' station reset ' . fly into that station and then get the m1 or m2 in that sector to blow up the station for you ( by hiding underneath the station ) , then go away for a period of time until the station comes back , then it should be blue . if your main goal is to access their pbg forges , then its probably easier to just find a station hacker ( they have to be with 2 sectors of the pbg forge ) to hack it for you . the major down side to befriending the pirates is , you will lose access to those lucrative assassination and defend the station missions . also , some patrol missions will cause pirates to spawn .
out of the box , no . the nintendo 64 has a region lockout chip which prevents ntsc ( japanese and us ) games from running on a pal ( european ) machine . however , through the use of third-party devices , most games should work . i personally own a n64 passport plus which i use to play hey you , pikachu ! on my own n64 . it basically works by using a second , local cartridge to authenticate with the lockout mechanism . i do not have first hand experience of this , but according to that wikipedia article , some games will not work even with this - presumably , they perform additional hardware detection , so they might be hard to do anything about . it may be possible to somehow bypass these through action replay codes ; i do not know exactly how these games perform those checks . you could also buy a japanese n64 and bring that home . you will need a power converter to make it run on 230v , and a tv which will accept the input , but you could run any japanese game that way , and any us game if you remove the plastic tabs . as an alternative , if you have a european wii , at least some of the games might be available on the virtual console , saving you the trouble of messing with adapters .
depending on the version of forza 4 you have , you might be out of luck . the best solution i can think of ( without getting into a system hack ) would be to sell your game and purchase a us-region specific or region-unlocked game . this kind of sucks , i admit , but maybe you can get lucky with a trade . either that , or trade in the system . if you own an ntsc-u/c ( us and canada ) system , and you do not live or purchase games in the us or canada , make sure the game you purchase is region free or ntsc-u/c compatible . the regioning of a game is up to the publisher , so this will vary . to find out the region the game is meant for : on the front of the game case it will be specified below the title on the right : this title will come in 4 different varieties : ntsc | j : this means ntsc japan ( like the picture above ) ntsc : this means ntsc-u/c ( us and canada ) pal : this means pal systems ( europe ) nothing . this will be blank . this usually means the game is region-free . so look for plain ntsc and blank region-labeled games , and you should be fine .
minecraft pe does not save information on servers , it saves it on the device 's local storage . if he was playing on an android with removable storage , the transfer is as simple as using the old card in the new device . if the old broken device can still open minecraft then you can transfer the world by hosting a lan game from it , joining it with the new device and hitting Quit and Copy World in the pause menu . if not , you will have to transfer the data across using a usb cable via a computer . if the old device is broken to the point where this will not work , there is not much you can do i am afraid .
there are no indicators when you are near . remember to action ( "discover" ) the wall inscriptions—do not just look at them . each new character can revisit the symbols and get credit for the challenge . this wiki is currently incomplete . please help complete it , if you can . windshear waste ( 1 ) enter claptrap 's place , in the room/closet on the right , next to the bank ( yt ) southern shelf ( 2 ) ( south ) in the building with the elevator in the south , take the elevator , turn right on the porch to access the roof , drop down to the ledge with the chest ( yt ) ( north ) on the second floor of the ship ( after all the toilet containers and section with no floor ) , when walking up the light gray incline , jump into the alcove on the left and follow the platforms around whence you came ( yt ) southern shelf - bay ( 2 ) ( southwest ) on the starboard side of the ( first ) shipwrecked boat ( yt ) ( east ) in the easternmost part of the bandit fort , head north under the two pylons in the snow and look up and behind you upon reaching the wall ( yt ) three horns - divide ( 3 ) ( south ) in the windbreak camp ( where you retrieve the power core ) , check behind the hut to the left near the cliff ( yt ) ( southwest ) about-face from the bottom entrance to the valley—it is on the back of that billboard ( climb the support beams ) ( img , yt ) ( southwest ) head north from the sw catch-a-ride into the bandit settlement—stay to the right towards the back , go up the stairs to the snowy platform ( passing the gas tank ) and look behind the arched unit on your left ( yt ) sanctuary ( 5 ) in scooter 's , head towards the fence behind him , and turn right towards the tires pile—it is in the corner ( yt ) exiting moxxi 's western entrance , before descending the stairs , take a sharp look to the left . it'll be in the corner , on the wall . ( yt ) heading towards marcus ( the ammunition guy ) , turn left down the alley before the health vending machine—it is to the left of the disposal unit ( yt ) to the left of that alley 's entrance , climb the bench and the scaffolding leftwards , cross past the " guns " sign , and follow the rooftop—it is on the level above the black market ( crazy earl 's ) on the door ( yt ) exit the second floor of roland 's house and follow the rooftops to the right—it is on the rooftops behind the newsstand in sanctuary 's town center ( yt ) three horns - valley ( 3 ) ( south/middle ) approach the fort next to the catch-a-ride ( the fort that leads to southpaw steam ) and follow the rocks to the left surrounding the fort , climb over the pipes—it is on the wall to your right ( yt ) ( south ) in the far south , drive around the small lake to the drilling rig and shack housing two badasses —it is inside the shack ( yt ) ( northeast ) in the honk-to-enter bandit fort , turn left by the drawbridge controls , follow the snow ridge around and it'll be on your left ( yt ) southpaw steam and power ( 3 ) in the first room with the big pit , jump down and and look in the cranny to the right near the ladder ( yt ) after the first assassin and climbing the stairs to the next area , you can see it on the wall to your right near the spinning gear and bottomless pit—see it on the wall when facing the bright light and fan . use the rails to jump up top . ( yt ) in a section on the left just before assassin reethe is entrance ( the third ) , there is a large spinning gear—jump atop it and onto the small structure with steam vents and it is on the wall ( yt ) frostburn canyon ( 2 ) ( ne ) when entering the first cave , follow the side trail on the left—it is up a level on the floor ( yt ) ( nw ) in the area with the ice pit and ladder , drop down and it is on the right wall ( yt ) the dust ( 3 ) ( sw ) in the open pipe area ( "moonshiner 's camp" ) , climb atop the shacks on the left to check the pipe 's lid ( yt ) ( middle ) look under the easternmost helipad ( crouch and crawl ) in the settlement ( "goost 's roost" ) in the middle of the map ( yt ) ( se ) in the northern bump of the loop in the se , look behind the wall on its ne side ( yt ) bloodshot stronghold ( 2 ) ( west ) in the area with the prison cells where you meet roland in person for the first time , take ladder to the second level , follow it around to where three pipes form a platform , take that to the control room , it is on the wall opposite the controls ( yt ) ( middle ) on the splinter group quest , right before you ring their doorbell ( in the room with the red triple eye ) , the symbol is on the wall to your right ( yt ) bloodshot ramparts ( 1 ) ( middle ) halfway through the level , a girder forms the hypotenuse of a right triangle , look under the ramp before it to the left ( yt ) friendship gulag ( 1 ) ( north ) in the top-middle of the map , check behind the crate on the left ( yt , yt ) tundra express ( 2 ) ( north ) behind a building near a drilling unit in plain sight , next to a fork in the train tracks . ( yt ) ( se ) climb atop the varkid ranch observatory using the cave entrance and stairs in its own se ( yt ) end of the line ( 1 ) halfway through the map look on the side of the bridge near the remains of the train ( yt ) sanctuary hole ( 1 ) heading north in the first bend of the s-shaped section , look beneath the stairs on the wall around the corner ( yt ) caustic caverns ( 2 ) ( nw ) near the crystalisks in the nw corner , go to the nub that reaches the farthest north on the map ( you can go around the right ) ( yt ) ( s ) heading full circle towards the entrance again , you will enter a room with vending machines , an echo recorder , and a ladder . towards the top of the ladder , look behind you—there is a passage off of the ladder 's shaft ( yt ) fink 's slaughterhouse ( 1 ) see that big slaughterhouse sign ? look behind a nearby pillar to its right ( yt ) the fridge ( 2 ) upon entering , it is on the roof of the building to your right—climb the rocks on the far side of the building to get there ( yt ) still towards the beginning on the frozen floor , look left to see a wall with yellow graffiti on the outside—check behind it ( yt ) the highlands ( 1 ) ( e ) in the hyperion area in the east , follow the natural path to the end ( near the double rainbow and go around the outside of the circular " silo " ( yt ) wildlife exploitation preserve ( 2 ) ( sw ) on the docked ship in the harbor , wait for the crane to lower , then ride it to the end—the symbol is on a wall on the roof of that building ( yt ) ( se ) follow the highway all the way to its terminus—it is on the road 's ground ( yt ) natural selection annex ( 1 ) the open hyperian container you can walkthrough on the right side of the annex , walkthrough it looking up . holy spirits bar ( 1 ) bathroom , in the bottom-left corner of the posters ( yt , yt ) thousand cuts ( 2 ) ( w ) in brick 's complex , it is on the back of the building near the rocks/cliffs ( yt ) in view of the red hyperion gate , hop to the shack atop the pillars and look inside ( yt ) opportunity ( 2 ) near the westernmost vending machine , there is a walkway over water on the lower level . crouch in the water—it is on the walkway 's underside ( yt ) ( se ) in the construction area near the crane , look for the hole that goes several levels down . it is beneath the lowermost platform on the right ( yt ) lynchwood ( 2 ) in gunslinger 's corner , turn off the electrical fuse box and take the elevator to the top , go past the electrified fence that should be off now and jump from the trunk of the car to the roof and continue forward stopping between the blue and green rooftops . look down . the second vault symbol is also on a roof , follow the tracks down main street to the stairs leading up on the left side of the tracks . follow the stairs to the top of this building , jump on top the lockers and after climbing up to this roof , jump to the next roof . the rx drugs sign is where you should be . put the sign to you are back and jump to the top of this building then walk down the other side and look down . the bunker ( 1 ) 1 . the cult of the vault is along the ring under the left side of the waterfall . face the waterfall and jump off the right side of the ring that has no security rail , there are rocks underneath and you can jump back to the ring after . eridium blight ( 3 ) in the eridium extraction plant on the outside of the building on the left , in the back right before the last container . just before entering hero 's pass , on the left is a hyperion door with a yellow ammo chest on the left side of the door . walk around the right side , the vault symbol is on this tiny building . while debating over killing yourself , at handsome jacks ' request , might as well get something out of the deal ; this vault symbol you will see as you cross the walking bridge from mount hell to lover 's leap . it is on a container on the left as you run toward your doom . farthest point north other than the volcano . ore chasm ( 1 ) the hidden vault symbol is underneath the elevator you take to get back to the top so bring a friend to kill you because you have to push the button then stand underneath it while it crushes you . sawtooth cauldron ( 2 ) ( w ) go all the way to that small area furthest west . it is in the cargo freight on the left inner wall . take the elevator all the way to the top of buzzards nest . push the elevator button to send it back down , then quickly back out and get on top of the elevator . the symbol will be on the 8th scaffolding beam down on the left side if facing the back of the elevator where the button is . arid nexus-boneyard ( 2 ) ( sw ) when you first enter , turn to the left and walk the borderline toward the south , around the eridium pond . from there it is right in front of you on the turret tower . ( e ) there is a ramp on the east side of the eridium pipeline , just before the catch-a-ride that farthest east . walk up the ramp and run towards the part of the pipe you run a vehicle into and you will walk into the second vault symbol . hero 's pass ( 2 ) upon entering go to the vending machines and walk between the vending machine and the container , look left on the wall . after the cargo ship is knocked into the lava . crossing a bridge the cargo ship is on your left side , at the end you crouch under a support strut ( there is a cash box sitting on a box here ) move onto the rock . make a 180 turn and you will see the vault symbol on the support strut under the bridge . vault of the warrior ( 1 ) after your elevator ride down , facing the direction you are suppose to go in , turn right and notice the boxes and the scaffold surrounding the elevator , explore . . . terramorphous peak ( 2 ) on a cliff next to the elevator below the first bridge you cross after respawning there is a corpse and a paintbucket next to it . under the platform you drop down from to enter the arena with terramorphous . stand over where terramorphous errupts from the ground after being summoned and you might be knocked up close enough to reach it . you will be airborne so be quick . mr . torgue 's campaign of carnage the following symbols are found in areas in the second campaign dlc : mr . torgue 's campaign of carnage badass crater of badassitude ( 4 ) in a hut on the top of a building on the west-side entrance to the arena . you can get there by climbing the ladder behind the highway advertisement board , turning around and jumping to it . just north/northwest of the previous symbol . jump back down off the top of the building behind the sign where you climbed up . continue onward between the buildings and the valley wall until the end . at the very end of one of the raised highway sections . get there from the ramp at the end of the road on the far west of the map ( it leads around towards the north . ) behind a building just west of the entrance to the beatdown . the beatdown ( 2 ) in the northeast corner ( where you emerged from pyro pete 's bar after the campaign mission ) , follow the road south until the opening to courtyard with the water tower just off to the west . the symbol is on the far side , in plain sight on the wall . from the southeast corner of the map , move west past the highway on-ramp from the north side . about 3/4 the way down the hill is a balcony . jump to it . the symbol in on the building wall . arena ( 2 ) in the northeast corner of the outer ring ( about 2 o'clock ) , up high on the wall . climb the boxes to get there . at the northernmost point of the outer ring is a ladder down . the symbol in on the wall behind the ladder at the bottom . southern raceway ( 2 ) in the northwest corner alcove , climb to the top of the buildings in the middle of the area . the symbol is on the west side of the hut with the antennae on it at the top . in the northern-most central alcove ( the one where you pull the lever . ) . it is in a hut at the very end of the alcove . forge ( 3 ) in the far west by torgue housing ( near switch one from the story mission here ) , make your way to the top of the iron ramps . the symbol is on the side of a foundry building in the south-west corner , just follow the path behind the turret . in the south-east region , just past the buzzard fighting ring and up the ladder on the east wall before flyboy 's lair . jump onto a bus with a ramp on it is roof in the middle of the area and take the ramp to the elevated hut . the symbol is on the side of the hut . captain scarlett and her pirate 's booty the following symbols are found in areas in the first campaign dlc : captain scarlett and her pirate 's booty . oasis ( 4 ) head east on the oasis docks . about halfway down there is a wall on the right side . the symbol is on the back of the wall . ( yt ) head to coral island camp ( where you find the whiskey for the fire water quest ) . go around the right side of the building and it will be on the wall . ( yt ) go to the wreck of the kronus on the east side of the map . the symbol is on the outside hull of the east side of the ship . ( yt ) you must complete the dlc 's main story to enter this area . exit the leviathan 's lair . go into the shack directly in front of you . the symbol is on the wall to your left . ( yt ) wurmwater ( 3 ) on the top deck of captain scarlett 's pirate ship go around to the left hand side near the back . ( yt ) go to rusty corridor on the east side of the map . following the edge of the cliff head south west . a wall will be in your way with a post to the right , go around it . jump on top of the metal object then on top of the building . the symbol will be on the wall to your right . ( yt ) go to the dish in the south east corner of the map . follow the path south west that curves around the mountain . the symbol is on a wall behind a rare chest . ( yt ) hayter 's folly ( 2 ) after defeating grendel follow the exit out of his cave . at the end of the exit turn around and it will be on the left wall . ( yt ) after you have found the vending machines , head into the hidden lair . at the top of the cliff just at the entrance look down and you will see many cargo containers . jump down to the two that are parallel to each other , the vault symbol will be on the side of one . ( yt ) the rustyards ( 2 ) go west into town from the start . on your left you will see a tugboat . climb the stairs on the next building , walk around to the back of the building and head back east behind the tugboat . the symbol will be on a metal wall to your left . ( yt ) go to maroonie 's clipper to the north . walk east halfway the length of the ship . the symbol will be on the wall to your right . you will need to jump on some rooftops to reach it . ( yt ) washburn refinery ( 2 ) right before you reach the 3rd poly-kryten there is a room that has stairs going downwards into a small area . the symbol is on the wall in that area . ( yt ) in the room immediately after p3rv-e on the north wall , underneath the open hatch in the middle of the wall . ( yt ) magnys lighthouse ( 2 ) after crossing a hanging bridge you will turn right and go up a hill with train tracks . the house right in front with an antenna on the roof has a symbol on its back wall . ( yt ) go to the topmost level . go around the back of the house to the right of the lighthouse . the symbol is on the base of the lighthouse where it meets the house . ( yt ) the leviathan 's lair ( 1 ) when you are facing the exit of the lair , take the tunnel to your right . the side passage on the right has a metal wall blocking it . the symbol is near the roof on the wall to the right . ( yt )
i believe only offline play is supported for a shared copy of cs:go . http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3206227 trying to find an official statement from valve , but the link above has users talking about this exact situation .
you do not need to put torches up there . passive mobs spawn on grass only ( at least in grassy areas . . . ) , aggressive mobs spawn on cube-blocks only . no steps , no slabs etc .
dwarves are not lazy . in fact , if they do not have something to do they will get depressed . dwarf therapist is great for keeping track of what labors you have assigned to what dwarves . did you just get a huge migration wave ? the new dwarves will want to go to your meeting hall and talk to the other dwarves before they start working , so it may take a bit for that to get settled . if a dwarf is trapped somewhere ( poorly thought out masonry is pretty common ) he will go idle until you free him .
there are only 2 ways to gain reputation with a faction through trading : buy or sell at a station belonging to that faction . it does not matter what you are buying or selling ( ships , wares , equipment , etc ) , you will gain a small uptick . this is more noticeable at low levels as it does not take much to bump your reputation at that point . however , i am not sure if buying/selling shares at a stock exchange does the same thing as i have not done it much . if you own a station and a member of that race buys from your station , you will also get a rep bonus . this is why i like to spread space weed and space fuel complexes around the galaxy as they always sell out and are great ways to keep my rep topped off with various factions ( even pirates ! ) . just keep in mind those factories i listed are illegal in most sectors . here 's what i have found out based on testing : there seems to be a threshold value before you gain the rep . its somewhere around 100k credits . buying 1000 energy cells did not uptick my reputation at all but buying 10000 did . the reputation gain is 10 points each time , no matter how much was the transaction . i stopped gaining reputation once i reached ' friend ' status with the borons . i set my reputation higher ( to queen 's guard ) and then spent 75 million buying an orca but my rep did not change at all . to see exactly how much reputation you have with a race , you can download the universal best buy/sells mod . when you pull that menu up , you will be able to see exactly how much notoriety you have with a certain race . i used the borons for my testing since i just happened to be in their space at that time . its possible that selling stuff to the borons via factories and complexes work differently and you can improve rep with them that way , but in the end , 10 rep is a very small tick ( only really noticeable when you rep with them is very close to 0 ) . for instance . it takes 333k points to reach maximum ( level 10 ) reputation with a race .
booster pack drops are random they drop randomly for players who have : completed all of the available trading card drops for a game used steam during the last week these players will randomly receive booster packs . these packs contain three additional cards for the game , and may contain foils . note , this does not mean that you have to have crafted a badge for a game , simply that you have 0 card-drops remaining for that game . source : steam trading card beta community announcement
you miss out on the perks , like the weapon delivery you mention . also there are achievements and or trophies depending on what platform you are playing on . after that , i do not believe so . i think ( but need to verify ) that as you ignore them how much they like you will drop , and if it drops too low they will not be your friend anymore if you change your mind and want their friendship after all . still , my thought would be , on a second playthrough , do not worry about the ones you do not care about .
build a blade of the ruined king for the percentage of current health damage , the active , and the lifesteal . grab a kitae 's bloodrazor for percentage of maximum health damage if he is majorly health stacking . a little magic resist would not hurt either , to reduce his poison damage . the most effective thing you can do is to not focus singed in a team fight . in 1v1 , if he is just running in circles around you , your lifesteal and the botrk active should keep you alive long enough to wear him down . do not freak out and stop attacking when he flips you , and be aware of possible assistance from his allies . if he is actively running away from you , do not chase him . even if you can dodge his poison trail , and you have a snare item , you are going to have a hard time attacking enough to wear him down . the further you chase him , the greater chance that you are running right into his allies .
yes , you will gain the oil . great person improvements count as improving strategic resources . this is so players do not have to replace them ( wasting a great person ) if they unknowingly put them on a strategic resource .
keep opening chests until you hear the rattling chain , the next chest you open will contain the reaper
the console version ( s ) of the game never launched with an auction house and the pc version had it removed because blizzard felt that it took away the core focus of the game ( there were also some exploits that flooded trillions of gold into the game out of nowhere ) . they ultimately felt that diablo , at its core , was about killing monsters , exploring dungeons and earning loot from killing - not playing a virtual market . it is no longer in any version of the game and will not make a return . sources : http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/8796520380 http://www.polygon.com/2013/5/8/4311002/blizzard-takes-diablo-3-auction-houses-offline-after-gold-dupe-bug
here 's a few reasons to prioritize hunting aliens over saving civilians . losing a soldier hurts your grade about as much as losing 3-4 civilians . you should never risk 1 soldier to save 1 civilian . civilians hardly move at all . if they are behind your frontline , they are not in danger . if civilians are ahead of your frontline , they can soak enemy actions that might be harmful to your soldiers . while you are saving civilians that are not in danger on this side of the map , the aliens are killing the civilians on the other side of the map . losing a civilian to rescue a civilian that you were going to get anyway is not a good trade . here 's some cases where you may want to save the civilian anyway explosives ( yours or the aliens' ) . very high health soldier with civilian near chrysalid that you do not have enough actions to kill . deny that chrysalid a kill . this way , there is no zombie . last civilian standing . apparently , bad things happen if all civilians die . ps : chrysalids do not care about cover . they do not seek it , and their melee attacks ignore it . keep your squad close enough to support each other , even if they have to leave cover to do it .
to grow dark oak trees , you need 4 saplings in a 2*2 box . a single dark oak sapling will not grow on its own , regardless of how long you wait or how much bone meal you use on it . in this image , the saplings on the left will eventually grow to form one dark oak tree . the sapling on the right will never grow .
the cartridges fail to fit smoothly in the slot . you are getting a non-official box . the manual is usually home-printed ( as well as the sticker on the cartridge ) . they sometimes fail to work on new versions of the console ( dsi ) . ( i used to buy a lot on second hand , and unfortunately i got 2-3 fake games like that )
found a lumiose city map . looks pretty complete . large version
nope . once a pokemon has been assigned experience , fainting will not take it away from them . in the extreme case , you can have a pokemon level up to an evolution trigger , then faint , then finish the battle , and they will evolve , despite being ko'd .
yes , you can earn a " destruction " experience bonus , a small amount of xp that varies with both level and number of objects destroyed . the more you destroy , the larger the bonus . since the bonus scales with level , it'll always be as ( relatively ) useful as you reach higher and higher levels . finally , there is an achievement for destroying 50 objects at once .
as of Version: 1.2.2344 this function does not exist in tiny death star .
the hat is from the cabaret outfit . the top and bottom are from the samba outfit . the cape is the clan cloak the gloves are static gloves . that is a zaryte bow .
it generally represents the size of the cpu registers and the main memory bandwidth . this equates to data processing abilities and is most commonly associated with the amount of memory that is addressable ( see 32-bits and the 4gb memory limit ) . registers can easily be combined to work with extra large numbers , and is not necessarily related to the graphics link or graphics memory bandwidth .
the most generic , directly useful enchant for an archer is , obviously , the fortify archery effect . some unique armor includes : gauntlets of the old gods , all varieties of the shrouded cowl , especially the ancient , linwe 's hood , which also add 15% damage to bows , the dragon mask krosis reinforce it to 20% . after you got these , you still need to cover you feet and torso . these pieces cannot be enchanted with forty archery , but other things can be useful : muffle boots ( you can find this , eg . on the shrouded armor ) , fortify sneak boots ( or hood ) ( boots of the old good or linwe 's boots have it ) , fortify stamina on armor , fortify light armor , you can also use some elemental resistance , depending on your ring and amulet or special abilities ( resist fire if you are a vampire , for example ) you can of course posses different set of armor , depending on the circumstances . i always like to keep an thieves guild armor on me for when i am over my carry limit , and a pair of gloves with a stabbing multiplier .
if you want to carry stuff to your main base with minimal number of trips you can effectively double your carrying capacity by placing an ender chest at the mining site and in your base . then you can put items in ender chest and unload them at your base , as well as carry items with you . also , smelting iron and gold and creating blocks out of them will save you some space . ender chests are reusable if destroyed with silk touch pickaxe btw , so you do not need to waste an eye of ender .
blocks on the 3ds are each 128kb in size . this translates to 8 blocks per megabyte , or 8192 per gigabyte . ( all using proper binary prefixes , of course . )
yes on the sd card is a folder named " nintendo 3ds " simply copy this folder to your new sd card , and everything will come along with it . when you place your new sd card into your system , it may take a bit of extra time to start up ( mine did ) but i believe it is just reading in the new card and making sure everything matches up .
learn a standard opening , commonly called a build order , that forces you to expand early . this will put you out of your comfort zone but will improve your skill quickly as you learn to defend your bases against aggressive low-level play . i recommend the 1 barracks fast expand build from liquipedia . definitely play on the fastest possible speed , essentially no one plays on anything but it .
this question has been a long time coming . my answer will undoubtedly be dota 2 biased because after playing both i feel that it is by far the better competitive game . however , i also believe that everything i say will be accurate- if anything is not , or you feel there is something i have missed or should clarify , please point it out and i am happy to change it . hopefully i have made this worth reading . within the games metagame dota 2 has an incredibly versatile metagame . junglers are optional , with dual or unorthodox junglers presenting themselves at times . trilanes , where three allied heroes on the same team group remain in close proximity from the beginning of the game , as well as roamers , where one or more heroes has no set place on the map and moves about as needed , are both common . lanes and roles are incredibly fluid to the point where attempting to define many heroes , or even predicting how a single 5-hero composition will lane , becomes difficult . league of legends has a relatively stable metagame . convention dictates that an ad carry and a support go bottom , an ap carry goes mid , and a sustainer goes top , with the 5th man- an all but required jungler , left to his devices . these roles have not changed in at least a year of high level gameplay and across multiple tournaments . league of legends also introduced the concept of summoner spells , which on the surface is an excellent addition to the depth of the genre . however , the power of " flash , " a short-distance blink spell , makes it all but required by every player , essentially just adding a high cooldown blink to every hero . the majority of summoner spells are simply copies of items or abilities in dota 2 . league of legends also includes runes and masteries , advantages which players can take with them into the beginning of the game . in competitive play , these for the most part seem relatively static . the laning phase as i have already mentioned , the lanes in lol are very similar from game to game . this makes movement between them easily noticeable ; only the jungler can truly gank unpredictably . when coupled with the flash ability , which grants every character a teleport from the start of the game , and towers which deal huge amounts of damage , action at low levels becomes incredibly rare . it is not uncommon for the first kill of a lol match to happen 5-10 minutes into the game . in dota 2 , this is nearly unheard of : first blood happening before the creeps even spawn is more common than a game going so long without a death . a majority of spells in lol are inherently spammable . they cost a low percentage of a character 's mana pool , or none at all , and can be used extremely frequently to pressure a lane and test an opponent 's ability to " sustain " themselves . many of these abilities are skillshots which need to be landed as much as possible . the spells are for harass and are predictable , and dying to spells like this as a high level player simply does not happen : it is very clear what is coming . conversely , a key concept of laning in dota 2 is simply " . . . go . " what i mean by this is that when two allies in a lane decide to make an attempt to kill an enemy , you will know it . rarely seen spells with high mana costs and large impact come out and decide the fight based on the players ' judgment of the situation and execution of their attempt . the availability of such abilities dictates how safely you can lane against opponents . in effect , it comes down to a simple challenge : i think i can stay alive if i stand here . if you do not think i can- prove it . a simple aoe stun on a hero such as sven or sand king can cost as much as 75% of the hero 's base mana pool , and without the mana to use such a spell these heroes are just big creeps . other spells can be somewhat spammed , but very few heroes cast spells in lane half as much as champions in lol do : you simply do not have the mana for it . in the early laning phase , this mana is as valuable as health , the latter of which can be quickly restored with consumables . mana potions are more difficult to use , as they last 30 seconds and are dispelled upon taking damage . these consumables are noteworthy only because of another aspect unique to dota 2 , the courier . utilization of the courier to bring items to you makes being beaten down in your lane somewhat acceptable- as long as you do not actually die . after healing up , you are still at full mana and because your opponents probably took damage and used mana in the kill attempt , the balance of power in the lane may have swung the other way . denying for some reason , denying has become a crux of the argument between league of legends and dota 2 . to be perfectly honest , it does not really matter anywhere near as much as people pretend . the simplest way to explain the role of denying , to me , is to imagine a game of musical chairs . dota 2 gives two people one chair and has them fight over it every time there is a minion/creep to kill . league of legends takes the same two people and gives them each their own chair : no one loses . when you expand this concept to towers is when denying gains huge importance . in dota 2 , if an enemy tower is below 10% hp it is capable of being denied and thus your team is on the verge of losing a lot of potential gold . if your team does not press the issue to force a conflict at the tower , you will lose out on that bonus . in league of legends , you can just walk away if the other team wants to defend their tower . it is not going anywhere and you have nothing to lose by leaving . if the fight does not seem to be in your favor , there is no reason for it to happen . it is also worth noting that denying minions/creeps allows a team to control lane equilibrium . if they have taken an enemy tower , a team with superior lane control can still keep creep clashes on their side of the map and force the enemy to make the moves . the actual power of a deny to limit experience and gold to an enemy is not half as important as the overarching strategies it allows . ganking and teamfights in high level league of legends ganks are infrequent , and with good reason : a gank does not really set your opponent back very much . because champions do not lose gold when dying , even if a gank is successful its opportunity cost to the killer may be worth more potential gold and experience than what is negated to his opponent . because of this , action in league of legends revolves around what conflicts of interest on the map there are : specifically baron nashor and the dragon . these conflicts force only a few large scale teamfights that happen at predictable times and usually decide the match . in dota 2 , while fights at roshan are frequent , they are only one of many reasons for fights to happen , with a simple gank capable of evolving in mere seconds to a large scale teamfight . we will see the reason for this next . items the single item that dota 2 benefits from the most is the town portal or tp scroll . while it exists in league of legends in the form of the teleport summoner spell , it is on a massive 5 minute cooldown and requires you to give up a valuable spell slot . in dota 2 , for a small gold cost and an item slot , your hero is capable of being in a defensible position on your part of the map or at a tower in three seconds . you can assist an ally being ganked , stop a tower push , or even move across the map to catch an opponent by surprise . you are also capable of escaping to safety at your well in the same short span of time , but only if you can outsmart your opponents . the mobility offered by the tp scroll is absolutely crucial to the fluidity of the game ; i cannot even imagine how different dota 2 would be without the item . the potential it offers is enormous , and it is why hero movement in the game is so difficult to keep track of . a hero can kill someone in bottom lane , immediately teleport to an allied tower top that is under attack , and win a teamfight there for his team . heroes are constantly shifting around between lanes to gain advantages where they see fit : the ability to be aware of all five of them , often through pure intuition , is one of the biggest differences between a casual dota 2 player and a competitive one . items in dota 2 are very attention-demanding . it is not at all uncommon for a single hero to have four or five items that are activatable and time-sensitive at any given point in the game . non-activatable items in dota 2 are very simplistic : if you want a critical strike , you must build crystalis . if you want to boost your gold intake , you build hand of midas , an item that gives bonus gold with every use , on a cooldown . for silencing an opponent , spawning illusions , teleporting , granting your hero various immunities , etc . , each item performs a very specific role and the choice of items is a monumental one for heroes and teams , never mind the actual usage of such items . items in league of legends are relatively interwoven . there are multiple different items with similar themes that have various flavors . there are four items , for instance , that all grant passive cooldown reduction and passive gold over time . items in lol are overwhelmingly passive- while there are some useful activatable items , the benefits they give are minor compared to the very powerful and situational abilities of items in dota 2 , such as a bkb which can grant complete magical immunity for up to 10 seconds , or a blink dagger which conditionally allows a hero to teleport nearly a screen 's width on a 14 second cooldown . most of the activatable items in league of legends deal with dealing/preventing damage or affecting movement speed . none grant any form of true disable . many consumables such as health potions and wards that grant vision in an area are shared between the games . league of legends simplifies their usage : these consumables may not be shared and are not subject to enemy intervention . use of potions in dota 2 requires care , since they can be interrupted by enemy damage , but also allows for hyped moments where a player makes a great play by juking enemy attacks while using a health potion to gain a quick burst of health and turn an otherwise decided fight . fog of war fog of war in dota 2 is simple , but manipulative . if there is not a direct line of sight between an allied unit and an enemy , you are not seen . this allows players to hide behind treelines ( trees are destructible by many heroes and various items ) and make their presence known only at opportune times . fog in lol is primarily due to " brush , " a mechanic where units in brush locations can remain unseen despite being very near to enemies . these locations are static and are frequently warded or scouted with abilities , making their actual impact minimal and more a matter of " did you check that spot ? " than anything else . runes versus blue/red buffs in dota 2 , there is a single powerup called a rune which spawns every two minutes . this grants a hero double damage , huge health/mana regeneration , invisibility , maximum movement speed , or spawns two hallucinations of the hero that have various uses . only one of the teams can get this powerup and a sizable percentage of early game kills are a direct result of one of these runes . in lol , the red/blue buffs are spawned by neutral creeps in each team 's jungle . as in the case of denies : both teams have the same thing , so there is no impetus to fight over it if the fight does not seem to be to your advantage . the buffs in lol are no less impactful than those in dota 2 , but the advantages they give do not help much when ganking . you can safely assume that an enemy jungler in lol has a red buff- if you try to assume that a roaming ganker in dota 2 has an invisibility rune you will never be able to accomplish anything , and so you are forced to make calculated risks . gamechanging moments this is the section most deserving of expansion , but to anyone without a decent grasp of both games it is virtually impossible to explain . i have done my best . gamebreaking moments in dota 2 are frequent and essentially define the game . a commonly chosen hero , enigma , has an ability called black hole which can render an entire opposing team useless for 4 seconds , an absurdly long time in games of this genre . see this teamfight . however , the difficulty in executing something like this is enormous and the penalty for misusing the spell , which can be interrupted easily and has a three minute cooldown , is enormous . in the same video that i linked to , the enigma performs with textbook execution , even being creative by using another of his abilities to clear trees for positioning . however , his team still loses the fight : the opponents have reacted properly to his team 's composition by buying items with significant effects ( mekansm and pipe ) . when his teammates do not follow up on his initiation properly , it costs them the battle . games of dota 2 can and have been won from the use of a single ability . conversely , in league of legends , spells have become more standard and less dramatic . their cooldowns have been reduced , their effects lessened , and their impact often unnoticeable . teamfights in lol are not so much about tactical selection of targets or timing as they are about casting all of your spells and hitting something with them . this is why the concept of a " tank " is able to exist in league of legends but is completely foreign to dota 2: good players do not use spells on heroes simply because they are in front , but in lol it is often the correct course of action . action something a lot of people like to compare is the amount of action a single typical game will have . i took a look at 30 vod 's from the most recent lol and dota 2 tournaments and compiled information in a public spreadsheet here . it is not a huge sample size , but it gives a pretty good picture of an average game , nonetheless . there are some outliers that probably slightly influence the results , specifically the longest dota 2 game i am aware of at an absurd 86 minutes long . lol : games last about 38 minutes . a typical game averages about 29 total kills between the two teams . there are 0.78 kills per minute , or about 8 kills every 10 minutes , on average . dota 2: games last about 44 minutes . a typical game averages about 56 kills between the two teams . there are 1.37 kills per minute , or about 14 kills every 10 minutes , on average . outside the games esports features dota 2 has an incredible replay and spectator system . not only can players tune into essentially any game on a two minute delay , they can hear commentary by anyone in broadcasting slots choosing to utilize the feature . they can choose to operate their own camera , follow a commentator 's , follow a single player 's perspective , or even allow the very adept computer to automatically decide the most action-intensive location ; never missing a kill . any public or matchmaking game has replays which are freely downloadable by upcoming players . valve has also announced that dota 2 will have lan support , putting it even a step above competing games like starcraft 2 . teammates can both voice chat with each other and strategize by drawing on the minimap . league of legends has a replay system created by a third party developer that is very quirky and comparatively unusable . there is no voice chat in the game . league of legends has the advantage of a team matchmaking system which allows up and coming teams to scrimmage against each other easily . i do not know if this is actually utilized as advertised or if dota 2 plans to emulate the feature . player base while lol constantly heralds the amount of " active players " it maintains , it neither specifies what constitutes " active " nor how many concurrent players the game has at any given time . dota 2 is currently peaking at slightly over 30,000 concurrent players , but at least five times that number are playing the original dota on garena at any given time , in addition to uncountable players on other dota clients , including the now antiquated battle .net. as the availability of invites to the closed beta of dota 2 increases , the number of players will surely grow . attempting to say whether it will end up bigger that lol is difficult if not impossible due to lol 's information hiding . competitive community na'vi is absolutely crushing dota 2 right now- anyone who contests this is not watching much competitive gameplay . there are various other highly successful teams , the majority of them eurasian , with only a few north american teams distinguishing themselves . the most well known of these north american teams is fire , now col . , who came essentially out of nowhere to secure themselves both a sponsorship and a respected international presence . most of the sponsored asian teams have to this point stuck with the original dota . this is largely due to a televised dota league in the country called the g-league . this is expected to change in the near future , however , as some of the bigger names still playing chinese dota have already announced their switch to dota 2 . league of legends on the other hand has a relatively international competitive scene , with multiple top teams from all areas of the world . worth mentioning is the korean television channel known for its starcraft content , ogn , which recently announced that it will be hosting shows for league of legends . both games have teams supported by huge sponsors , with multiple of the biggest names like clg , na'vi , dignitas , mtw , and plenty of others sponsoring both dota 2 and lol teams . other well-known gaming organizations like complexity , sk , and fnatic are undecided , having sponsored and dropped teams from both games at times . finally , teams like eg and tsm have apparently settled into one game or the other , though if one game comes to dominate the scene i would not doubt that either would ignore it , with the popularity organizations like those two can both swing . important figures in this genre , there are several key people who stand apart from others in terms of developing the scene surrounding the games : eul : as the first serious developer of dota for warcraft3 , eul 's contributions include core mechanics of the genre that at this point we take for granted . he now works at valve contributing to the development of dota 2 . guinsoo : as the creator of dota all-stars , guinsoo combined popular aspects from various versions of the game that had sprung up around the original , acting as a filter for innovation . guinsoo now works with riot games in helping to develop league of legends . pendragon : pendragon began hosting a dota-related website in 2004 . the website , http://dota-allstars.com/, acted as the foundation for the community around the game to grow and only came to an end when he announced that he was moving to work with league of legends and archiving the site . icefrog : the developer who pushed dota to new heights with his focuses on balance and competitive play is frequently deified by his fans . icefrog was the primary developer of dota throughout its competitive explosion and the arrival of its legitimacy as an esport . he formerly ( and secretly ) worked for s2 games in the development of heroes of newerth and left under equally unclear terms , likely after finding the environment at s2 unsuited to the degree of creative control he wanted . shortly after that departure , he announced his involvement with valve as the head of a team bringing us what we now know as dota 2 . developer support league of legends has a competitive scene that is largely subsidized by riot games . the developer sponsors tournaments , funds prize pools , and organizes competitive environments . dota 2 awarded the biggest prize pool ever at the $1.6 million " international " run by valve . however , it also has multiple high quality events like the defense and the premier league with well known industry sponsors like twitch . tv and razer that are completely unaffiliated with valve . i am not aware of any such competitions for league of legends . the different ways that dota 2 and lol update their games is also something worth covering : the developers of league of legends nerf a lot of powerful things , see their most recent patch here for details . what this does is push everything to the middle in terms of balance , where it is more simple to tweak anything that gets too weak or too strong . alternatively , here is dota 2 's most recent patch . exactly three things were seriously weakened , all of which were regarded by many as broken mechanics . ( dark seer 's agh 's wall , invoker tornado/emp , and puck 's phase shift autocast ) . each of those heroes that was nerfed was also significantly improved in other ways , to maintain their power . outside of that , something like 40 heroes that were considered underused were buffed- many of them quite significantly . dota 2 maintains power by making everyone powerful , lol keeps everyone approximately in the middle and tweaks the ends . attempting to say which approach provides an overall better game balance is largely a subjective argument , so i will not make it . in closing i feel that despite the absurd length of this message i have still failed to cover so much , but that is part of the reason these games are so popular : there is an enormous amount to learn and improve upon and attempting to write a guide for even a single aspect of either game would be a monumental task . in a single sentence , the major difference is that the games are not built for the same purpose . dota 2 is constructed with the mindset that competitive players have the utmost priority . if this means that the average player is neglected , it does not matter to the game : it is not being developed for players who are not at the highest level . if a new hero is added , it is because the competitive metagame would benefit from such a hero , not because valve needs to earn money . if a hero is made weaker , it is not because he is strong in public games , it is because he is strong when the two best teams in the world square off . league of legends is built with a model that requires an influx of " new " to create revenue . whether that is new customers , new characters , or new skins , it does not matter : the game is developed to bring in constant money . in order to continue that , riot games needs to ease entry into league of legends for new players and then convince them to stick around . it does not matter if the competitive players think flash is a stupid mechanic or if top commentators want an improved replay system- the game is not being prioritized for them . to be perfectly frank , dota 2 is incredibly hard . when you start to play the game , you will play your first hundred games and still feel like you have no grasp whatsoever of what you are doing . you will get frustrated with the game and at times you will probably have to step away . but if you love the thrill of the razor 's edge scenario , you will be back . league of legends tones that down at both extremes . when you are learning the game , you will not become anywhere near as frustrated because mistakes are not punished as heavily . for example : the more you die , the less each successive death rewards the enemy team- a design decision clearly made with public play in mind . when you make gameplay decisions with such priorities , the peak gameplay suffers as a result . the cutthroat style of dota 2 is simply not something that everyone will appreciate- ignoring that concept is asinine . the argument can definitely be made that valve is overdoing it- their lack of accommodation for players looking to learn the game is noteworthy and i feel that it holds back an otherwise extraordinary game . in the end , however , dota 2 's focus on high level play makes the game incredible to watch once you begin to understand its nuances , and the depth and replayability of it as an esport is unmatched both within the genre and across all others . in time , i fully expect others to come to appreciate that .
these are weapons that can not be fused at the moment , but will become fusable later . these are tied to " weapon unlock " squares in the treasure hunt , and maybe also defeating bosses . zodiac weapons unlock a square that makes them fusable . beating bosses and other various achievements ( e . g . " acquire 5 palms" ) will unlock other weapons . whether eventually all combinations become fusable , i do not know - i have not beaten every boss or found every zodiac weapon yet . but my fusion grid is becoming very dense , so i am guessing yes .
eve is a purely pvp game with minimal pve elements mixed in for money making . it is possible to sit in a station and just trade all day , or do planetary interaction or other extremely dull aspects of the game - but the game mostly revolves around spaceships fighting other spaceships . there are missions with npc pirates and space-rocks to fight ( mine ) , however the missions are not very deep and really there is not enough content in pve to enjoy . the game is pvp-oriented in that your internet space ship should be fighting other player 's internet spaceships . think of it like chess . you can move your pieces around the board for no reason , but ultimately to play the game you need to attack your opponent . it just does not make sense to not play competitively . edit : i would like to add that , there is some interesting pve content such as group mining , corporation management and wormhole exploration - but all of these come with some pvp aspect to it .
updated answer having soloed inferno recently with a dual wielding setup on my monk , i can now say as a fact that dual wielding is absolutely possible . but note , this highly depends on having two great weapons to use on your monk . here are the main advantages for dual wielding over a shield : additional socket on weapon for huge critical hit damage boost ( this is the most important factor , i have severly underestimated how much dps having more crit hit damage can provide with modest crit hit chance ( ~30% ) . ) a ton of more stats more life on hit proc ( this is the second most important factor ) 15% faster attack 15% more dodge my primary weapon right now is a ~850 dps 250dex 250vit 500 life on hit axe . my secondary is a ~750 dps 850 life on hit 97% critical hit chance axe . the main goal of this setup is to have high dps with huge life on hit and high critical hit damage . i would prefer my primary to be socketed to have even more critical hit , but those weapons with similar stats to mine are too expensive right now and far beyond my reach . now that i have 3x more dps than the old tank build , even though i am down quite a bit on defense , its easier since i kill them faster so i do not have to tank as long . also , the really deadly effects such as arcane turret and ground effects can not be blocked anyway , making blocking less useful than killing the target faster . finally , dual wielding axes is major style points , imo looks much nicer than axe/shield ; ) old answer this answer is still applicable since having 2 great weapons is really really expensive compared to 1 and a shield . from my experience , a shield is extremely necessary in late game inferno and ponies ( the 1.03 damage nerf has made shield even better by reducing the spikiness of damage ) . lets compare and contrast : shield benefits 1000 - 1500 armor ( double that if you use deadly reach ) 70-140 resist all ( 70+ res all and another element of choice for stacking ) 30-40% block ( high block shield with jl + hoc ) for 3k damage ( note this is after reduction ! ) 1 free passive slot ( you do not have to take guardian 's path so you can devote 1 more passive for defense , such as resolve ) overall , you gain huge damage reduction benefits for 1 equipment slot . if you are trying to be a tank this is almost a no brainer . duel wield weapon benefits 15% faster attack speed for more loh more stats ( weapons can get higher stats than armor can ) , and more unique effects like transcendence ( having 100+ life per spirit spent is a great way to heal ) . faster spirit regen ( even faster if you have 2 spirit regen weapons ) 15% dodge ( if you take the passive ) overall , you gain a little dodge ( does not work when frozen , etc , and you can not dodge ground effects like desecrate and plague , which are the main sources of death in late game inferno ) , some more potential sources of healing and spirit regen , more damage , but way less survivability . either way you will not be a tank . to summarize , using a shield is a lot more defensive oriented , and thus provides the most survivability in late inferno acts ( 3+ and ponies ) . not to mention finding a good shield is a heck lot cheaper than finding a good 1 hander with high damage , ias , stats , and loh . you might be able to get away with duel wielding up to act 2 , but i would not expect you to last long beyond that unless you have godly gear and weapons .
yes , the deerclops spawns every winter , roaming the land looking for things to crush . it does not seek the player actively unless it gets close , but it will always be announced by a growl and the ground shaking . if you stay out of its way you can make it pass , but it will not despawn until it is summer again , so if you do not have the right equipment to fight it prepare yourself for a lot of running . if you are getting followed by a deerclops you can shake it off your back by making it fight other monsters ( the walruses are very effective at this ) , or you can make it fall asleep with the pan flute or the sleep darts . these are the only ways to make it sleep though , since it does not sleep at night , so it will not stop pursuing you if you are caught by the darkness . try to keep a good armor around , and a good weapon too if you plan to challenge it : it has a lot of hps , a very high damage and a sanity drain aura . if you fear you can not stand up to the challenge , you should have already learned what to do : run ! other informations on the deerclops can be found on the wiki .
the wiki states that : bristleback takes less damage from all damage types except hp removal . as huskar 's flaming spears are magical damage , it should indeed block it .
as you said , there are weapons which give you reaper energy on attack , on kill , on critical hit or on execute . those are not ( only ) end game items . i have had one for level 10 or somewhat which gave me energy on kill . in addition you can equip the talisman from the shaman in the first land ( you can get it on a side quest where you have to collect 3 materials . the weapons are just lucky drops , so good farming . i found additional information in the ign game guide . it seems that the killing of enemies with scythes gets you also reaper energy . while testing i discovered that you gain reaper energy on every hit on an enemy with your scythes . in addition , it seems that you gain more on kills ( it is difficult to say , cause i do not have any log file . . . ) to answer your entire question : you gain reaper energy on every hit with your scythes . you gain more reaper energy on a kill with your scythes . you can increase the amount of reaper energy received with stats on your weapon or the grim talisman you will not gain any reaper energy with other weapons than scythes .
i finally got access to these spells when i reached karthal . acid spray and poison cloud were both available in the great library of karthal .
following things are disabled in dota1 : activable items ( all ) ( you and target ) hex , bkb , eul , manta , dagon . . . abilities ( all ) ( you and target ) lightning bolt , wind walk , rupture . . . passive abilities from items ( some , mostly orb effects and attack modifiers ) ( you and target ) • chain lightning , maelstorm dan mjolnir • true strike , mkb • maim , sange , heaven halberd , dan sange and yasha • feedback , diffusal blade • true sight , gem • immolation , radiance • damage block , stout shield , pms , vanguard . • cold attack ( range ) , eye of skadi • critical strike , buriza • evasion , the butterfly , talisman , dan heaven halberd . • bash , cranium basher , abysal blade • lifesteal , mask of death ( and all other lifesteal items , except unholy rage - actived satanic ) • splash damage , battlefury passive abilities ( some , mostly orb effects and attack modifiers ) ( you and target ) • frostmourne , abaddon • geminate attack , weaver • headshot , sniper • frost attack , dragon knight elder form level 3 • incapacitating bite , broodmother • mana break , magina • geostrike , meepo • caustic final , sand king • poison sting , venomancer • phase shift auto cast , puck ( not blocked ) • fury swipes , ursa • split shot , medusa • last word , silencer • permanent invisibility , rikimaru • kraken shell , tide • bash , void ( and all other bash skills , except greater bash - barathrum ) • blur , mortred ( and all other evasion skill , except psedu-evasion backtrack - darkterror ) • great cleave , sven ( and all other cleave skill , including tidebringer - kunkka ) • coup degrace , mortred ( and all other critical skills , no exceptions ! ) if you ever see the animation of bashing or mana burn , or activated items they were probably activated before duel started , or by 3rd party . as you can see castable things are disabled since it is supposed to be " autoattack " duel without interference and most orb effects and passive skills are disabled since some of them make some enemies very hard to defeat imagine duel with ursa or slark , if they had their passive skills . basically " duel " is a bit weaker " doom " on you and your target , here is the list of what doom disables . for " duel " differences between dota1 and dota2 refer to this discussion , it appears that valve still did not disable a lot of abilities that can be activated before the duel and grant you bonuses during the duel , like barrage , voodoo restoration . . .
only when you connect with a real-life player will the monsters get harder . the in-game npcs that you can recruit make no difference to the difficulty and you will continue to receive the same experience and loot . on another note , the loot differs from player to player , so you dont have to worry about people stealing it .
getting " trusted " status with rivas requires some specific dialog choices when you first speak to him : rivas will only give the player his [ password ] if the player gains his trust by professing to be peaceful ( or at least not trying to get involved - both available if the courier states they only work for themselves ) , states that they want what he wants ( must know rivas is with the followers , requiring a speech check or confirmed bachelor perk ) , or if the player claims to be with the brotherhood of steel . this may only be done on the first conversation . ( emphasis mine )
destroying an inhibitor causes future groups of minions to have super minions and gives future waves a boost of around 100 hit points . it does not affect current waves . more info can be found on the lol wikia site .
credit to this reddit post beware : this visual guide is dated from before the small and medium camps were inversed , however , the spawn boxes are still the same . placing a ward in the white areas block the camp . red dots indicate the hidden wards that block the camp and require to cut down a tree to be found . blue dots indicate wards that block the camp and provide a view of the rune as well the white text gives visual tips to remember the limit of those area in game the magic bush is indicated aswell ( there is only 1 magic bush on the radiant side that block the hard camp and the small pull camp ) radiant side dire side ancient
natures can affect attack , special attack , defense , special defense , and speed . each nature raises one by 10% and lowers another by 10% , except for 5 " neutral natures " which leave a pokémon 's stats unchanged ( or may be thought of as raising and lowering the same stat ) . all combinations of stats raised and lowered exist , for 20 different stat-affecting natures , and a total of 25 natures overall . in black and white , on the status screen 's second page , on the top screen , the raised stat 's name will be written in red and the lowered stat 's name will be written in blue , though the coloration is subtle . other games likely also have such clues . additionally , a nature determines what flavors a pokémon likes the most when it comes to berries , poffins , pokéblocks , and apricorn drinks . each flavor is tied to a stat , with a pokémon liking its raised stat 's flavor , and disliking the flavor of its lowest stat . those with " neutral natures " have no particular likes or dislikes . the stat associations are : attack - spicy defense - sour special attack - dry special defense - bitter speed - sweet finally , a nature determines whether a pokémon is more likely to use offensive , defensive , or supportive moves in generation iii 's battle palace or the battle tent area with the same rules . source , with a full list of natures
that is , based on the money and mats on your person , how many of that item you can make . as you make one of those items , you will see the numbers changing because you do not have enough materials to make the same number again . it was a really useful tool in wow when trying to level . you could see which ones would give you the best bang for your buck . it is less useful in d3 .
warriors @ elitist jerks elitist jerks goes for pretty much all classes .
this may be helpful : since lord british was kidnapped , level advancement is a little difficult in ultima v . after acquiring the needed experience points ( see ultima iv ) , the party has to hole up and camp for the maximum # of hours . now a little luck is needed for the spirit of lord british to appear and grant any earned levels . starting with this installment , characters gain 30 hp with each new level . stats are also given by lord british during leveling up , although they are chosen rather randomly . stats are also granted by the shrines after fulfilling the quest given by the shrine ( reading the codex of ultimate wisdom ) . also , you can reach level 8 and that is as far as you can go ! source : wiki
mmr is a hidden elo based rating system that is used for match making in game queues . your actual mmr , and the exact means by which it is calculated , is hidden from players , so we can only speculate as to how it works based on observation . mmr values correspond roughly to tier/division placing , but your mmr can be higher or lower than your actual tier/division position , based on your recent performance . for example , you could be ranked silver 3 , but with a streak of wins your mmr will increase and you will notice that the other players in your matches will be silver 1 or gold 5 . mmr is also used to determine how many league points are awarded/deducted for wins/losses , taking into account your own current mmr , and the average mmr of each team . basically , mmr is where the game thinks you should be placed , based on recent performance , and it will help accelerate you toward that position ( up or down ) , if you perform consistently . also worth noting is that each player has a separate mmr value for each queue . thus you can experiment with new champions and strategies in normal queues and have a lower win rate and a lower mmr than in ranked , where you might rely on tried and tested gameplay . a couple of sites out there will give you an indicative number for your ranked mmr : lolking provides a lolking score op . gg looks at your last 10 games , gives you an mmr guideline number , and tells you how it compares to your current ranking . you will need at least 5 of your last 10 games to have been in ranked . important to note that both of these are just estimates , and are not official in any way .
magic find improves the chances that you will find magic/rare/set/legendary items . it also affects the number of affixes that a rare item will get [ source ] . it does not affect the item level of the loot that is dropped , which affixes the item gets , or the random values associated with those affixes . it does not affect gems or potions things or other types of non-equippable items . it does not affect the amount of items that you find ( only their quality ) . here 's a recap of how magic find works . magic find has always been one of the most popular item attributes in diablo . magic find helps increase the probability that a higher quality item will drop from monsters . magic find helps increase the likelihood of magic , rare , set and legendary items dropping . the magic find attribute can be found on any items that are high enough to support the affixes . magic find is based on a percentile increase . you get 20% of the mf found on your follower ( source ) when played cooperatively items drop separately for each player . this means each player sees their own loot and not loot that has dropped for the other people in the group . when picked up and dropped on the ground or traded the items obviously become visible to the other players as well . players will find stacking magic find gear more difficult than diablo ii due to the sacrifice of other important attributes . topaz gems will add magic find when socketed into a helmet . there is a 300% cap on magic find . magic find attained from nephalem valor is unaffected by the cap , so you can effectively get as high as 375% . keep in mind that your chance of getting a certain item type is multiplied by your increased magic find . for example , if you have +100% magic find , then you will not find magic items all the time . instead , if a legendary has a 0.1% chance to drop off of this particular monster , then it will instead have a 0.2% chance to drop ( an extra 100% of it is base chance ) .
the other answer is not always correct . some skills use only the main hand weapon damage : see here or here . these tend to be skills that fire infrequently , possibly with long cooldowns . if those skills fire less frequently than the slower weapon , attack speed is irrelevant . only weapon damage matters . for those skills , you are better off having the weapon with the higher damage in your main hand -- even if it has a lower damage per second ( dps ) . note : in most cases , the other answer should be correct . most skills alternate hands . only particular builds are affected at all and they are only impacted when the relevant skill is used .
as long as the item does not need to be identified , you can hold ctrl and hover over the item to show its stats . if your inventory is open as well , it will compare the ground item 's stats with what you have currently equipped . if you hold alt and hover over with your inventory open , it will compare it to your off-hand if it is a weapon that can be dual-wield .
start9 means you are voting for the command start to be used 9 times . it is a quicker version of voting for start by its own 9 different times .
minecraft 1.5 made significant changes to how texture packs work . mainly it allowed for almost any block or item to be animated , separated item sprites and block textures into individual files , and allowed for default textures or sprites to be automatically used when a texture pack lacks them . the best way to start creating a texture pack is to extract all of the default textures and various ui images from minecraft.jar . in windows , this is found at %appdata%\.minecraft\bin , in linux it is at /.minecraft/bin and in os x it is found at ~/Library/Application Support/minecraft/bin . once you have found it you can extract its contents using an app like winrar , 7zip , the unarchiver , etc . alternatively you can download someone else 's texture pack and edit what is already in there . the relevant files and directories in minecraft.jar are : /achievement contains the achievements screen gui /armor contains images for all of the various armor in the game /art contains images of the various paintings in the game /environment contains images for the sun , moon , snow , rain and clouds /font contains images for the font used in all text in the game /gui contains stuff like the menu background and various inventory screens and guis /item contains textures for boat , mine cart , and chest models and a few more things /misc contains various stuff like the map background , beacon textures , explosion particles , etc . /mob contains textures for the friendly and hostile mobs in the game /title contains the main title , mojang logo and some other stuff . in the bg folder are images that are used to create the panorama background in the main title screen pack.png: the thumbnail that shows up next to your pack in-game in the texture packs list pack.txt: optional , lets you add a short description that shows up in the texture packs list particles.png: contains images for various particles used in the game , like fireworks and hearts /textures/items contains sprites for all of the items in the game , each as individual files /textures/blocks contains textures for all of the blocks in the game , again as individual files to make your own texture pack , you just copy whichever images you want to change into your own folder ( the name of the folder becomes the name of your texture pack in the texture pack screen ) , keeping intact the file names and folder structures . then just edit them however you want , but keep them at the original resolution ( also keep the format as png ) . any texture files that are missing from your folder will simply be replaced with the default files once the game is running . making textures or sprites animated is a little more tricky , but this post explains the process nicely . to test your texture pack you will want to put your folder in the texturepacks folder , which you can get to by going to Options... &gt; Texture Packs &gt; Open texture pack folder . once that is done , your texture pack will show up in the texture packs list , and you can select it . once your folder is in the right place you can easily test your textures in-game as you change them by pressing t + f3 ( this reloads the currently selected texture pack ) . finally if you want to share your texture pack with others , you can either give them the folder or you can compress everything inside into a zip file . then others can simply place the folder or zip file into their texturepacks directory .
as confirmed by a crytek community manager there is no native way to show a frames per second counter or graph in crysis 3 . various other sources all recommend using an external utility like msi afterburner , evga precision x or fraps to display the current frames per second counter , but the possible side effect of running such utility is that it may lower your actual fps .
you will need to earn a medal on planet venom , where you fight andross . to earn that medal , you will need to kill 200 enemies and keep your wing-men alive .
you follow brother arnand during the quest " dreams in oblivion " and he activates the lever to let you in .
sending all your workers to try to kill a scout ; even if it is already in your mineral line , will probably put you down more than the 50 minerals your opponent lost , as that could be 5+ seconds times 10-15 workers . at 43 minerals/worker/minute , that is barely break even , plus you might be losing the opportunity cost of spending your apm elsewhere .
this is pretty much the same build that i have been using . i put a bit over half my total points into magicka , most of the rest into health , and very few into stamina . i do not use many power attacks , and when i do , it is to finish the enemies off or stall for time while my magicka is regenerating . it is working for me so far . you will get enough perks to fill up 4 perk trees with room to spare , so do not worry about starting into another . i am focusing on conjuration , destruction , restoration , and one-handed , with a minor amount in light armor . putting a point or two in a tree just to get a slight bonus is not going to harm your chances of completing other trees . even if you completely focus on conjuration , chances are you will not use every perk in that tree . you might focus on atronachs over reanimating corpses , or you might not use bound weapons . just pick whatever perks you want and do not worry about it too much .
though i never figured out how to change the medpack quick heal uses , i did discover i could manually use the smallest med packs from my inventory screen . this allowed me to save my med/large medpacks for points when i really needed them .
you require a minimum of one pet in order to rename a pet . apparently , fallen london does not properly check to see if you have a pet before allowing you to attempt the storylet that renames a pet . considering that there are dozens of possible pets , this makes a certain twisted sense : the storynexus engine that runs fallen london prefers to work with specific qualities rather than broad things like " one out of these three dozen qualities " . the devs went the lazy route and assumed that you would not try to rename a pet if you did not have one . ( otherwise , they would have to go back and update this storylet , and other storylets that let you change names , every time a new pet gets added . failbetter games is a rather small company , so they went the easy route on this . )
because it was a video game that we got to play in school . it was installed on every machine in every computer lab i set foot in from second grade on through 8th grade , in some iteration or another , and that experience seems to have been mirrored by everyone else i have spoken to about the game . for a lot of us , getting to play oregon trail was the highlight of the school day for years .
here 's a reasonably useful site ( which will get more useful as people submit more times ) : how long to beat . the overall averages for assassin 's creed , ac2 , and brotherhood are currently at about 16 , 35 , and 24 hours respectively .
portableapps hosts a minecraft portable launcher that will run off a usb stick , though you have to run it once for it to download and store the data and binaries from minecraft .net( as required by the minecraft end-user license ) . i have not tested it , but it claims to use the native launcher to be forward-compatible as new versions of minecraft are released . on the minecraft forums , there is a java-based portable launcher that explicitly advertises compatibility with version 1.8 . there is also an article about creating a windows batch file by hand that will make minecraft look for its files and your saves on a usb key .
after a couple hours of additional net-scouring , we tried a lot of suggestions , and when it finally worked , of course we had changed a few things . so , in our case the solution was one or all of the following : move the gfwl-required ports from port-forwarding ( on the router ) to port-triggering disable all non-related ( virtual ) nic adapters ( in our case , they were for vmware and virtualbox ) make sure the firewall exception for dr2 is present in windows firewall my money is on the port-triggering .
i tried using trial of cinders on my usual build because i think that 500% damage per second on a 1500% total for only 8 discipline is a steal . i also calculate some things cause i wanted to improve that knowing some more . so , vault with trial of cinders does not take just your weapon damage but also your dex modifier and cannot crit in no way . i also notice that does not stack ( but you also said that , i wanted only to see if it was as caltrops which does not stack the damage but stack the procs ) , i really do not know how this skill change in 1.05 because i did not try ptr server , but i think that if they reduce the damage to 300% , it could crit aswell . . . if you take in consideration rain of vengeance , we can talk about 250% damage and it can crit , but do not take my opinion about new patch as sure .
this is based on the promotion that wargaming is currently running . normally the bonus is 2x but on special days ( mostly the weekend , but sometimes during special periods ) the multiplier is increased . check the world of tanks homepage for currently running promotions .
the holy trinity is not required at all . any strategy can be devised by any three characters . each class has 3 specialties or " specs " that all play slightly differently . rogue assassin has the fast attacking knives good for steady and balanced dps with a knife throw ability that hits everything in a line before him , adding a decent amount of aoe . rogue gunner has slower , high range/high damage shots that when aimed , can tear down larger creatures from a distance , as well as spawners . their special is an delayed explosive shot that again when aimed can destroy a larger creature and damage nearby creature on detonation . rogue archer is an advanced class to play , as you can fire individual arrows that are slower than the knives and just as damaging , or charge your shot for a great amount of damage that pierces through enemies on it is path , always critting** . their special ability is laying caltrops down that slow and damage enemies while jumping behind them to disengage the enemy . i could see a team of an archer and two gunners hammering at their foes behind a floor full of caltrops , taking out any large enemies with explosive shots . healing can be done with a healing supplies ability which is a potion you can get as a rogue . there is a lot of variability , and while i can say that some things will not work as well as others , anyone with enough skill can make up a strategy that will work out with any class .
the only powerups that break this are the shield , boost , and coin magnet . activating anything other than that will still enable you to get this objective . you can also pick up gems and coins without fear .
in short , no there is no current compensation , or any plans of a system to do so . however , the system is not completly without forgiveness or mercy and as such riot has implemented a ' leave buster ' system , which punishes players for leaving matchmade games early . so no , you wont be compensated , but they will be punished for leaving .
1 buy one series of upgrades . get the achievement . exit campaign without starting a mission . re-enter campaign . the upgrades have been re-set , but you still have the achievement . 2 i just saved up 600k and saved the game under achievements then i just bought everything in one tier then got the achievement then loaded the game up again and did the next tier all with out lossing the money but you keep the achievements . quoted from tl . http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=141420
the gargantuan has a proc coefficient of 0 , which means that no on-hit effects are transfered to the gargantuan . blizzard has never released official information about the proc rate of the zombie dogs , but the patch notes for 1.0.4 specifically included nerfs to the proc rate for burning dogs and rabid dogs . i believe this only refers to their special abilities , however , not their basic attacks . there is no information on whether the zombie dogs ' basic attacks proc on-hit effects or not . i will try to pay attention to this next time i am using my wd to see whether there is any proc at all for zombie dogs . either way , it is not really feasible to rely on attacks from your pets to proc enough life on hit to regenerate health for you . fierce loyalty only effects exactly what it says in its tooltip , which is life regeneration and thorns . no other sources of healing are transferred .
the official team fortress wiki has names of some organizations that do league play . if you are in north america , the esea has an open division and pick up games for players of all skill levels . these leagues may run the standard competitive format , which is a 6 on 6 match with crits off and team composition limiting ( only 2 scouts on a team at one time , etc . ) and fixed weapon spread ; highlander , which is a 9 on 9 match with the same rules as scf , but only 1 player per class per team ; and fun competitions like ultiduo or basketball . due to the decrease in popularity in competitive play , the esl shut down their tf2 ladders on may 5th , 2012 .
redstone can be mined with iron or better picks to produce redstone dust . redstone dust has a number of uses : traps ( land-mines and similar ) door ( automation ) minecarting ( junctions ) complicated gate systems miscellenaous mechanisms because it can be used to create electrical wires and even circuits .
this information is so hard to come by so i am posting here in response . the first quest comes very early in the game . i rejected the quest , and it never came back even after my whole squad is on end game armor . started another game , and this time i accepted and finished the first mission . and then for the 2nd and 3rd quest , these come ridiculously early as well and you probably will not beat it with your newbie squad with stick weapons , so skip them and do it later . the council spams you with the quest , but there is no penalty whatsoever for not completing the quest when it shows up . in short , do not skip the first mission , the following ones can be skipped .
leveling on a pvp server is little different from leveling on a pve server ; most " overworld " pvp is dead , and when it does happen , it is more likely to be level 85 's ganking lowbies in stranglethorn vale ( because they can ! ) rather than two groups spontaneously forming to , say , kill all the quest npcs in tarren mill . perhaps more relevantly , the types of combat you are likely to find on a pvp server outside of instanced pvp is not going to be representative of instanced pvp . put another way -- ganking and getting ganked will not be particularly helpful in making you a better pvper , because the battelgrounds and arena that represent the pvp endgame in world of warcraft do not revolve around 1 on 1s and ganking . the truth is that despite the population of a server , it is still relatively uncommon to run into other players except in areas that encourage close proximity ( whether due to daily quests , or anything else ) . in my experience on a pvp server during the burning crusade and wrath of the lich king , the places most likely to run into pvp was " isle of quel'danas " , the southeastern plateau in terrokar forest with the skywing ( skyband ? ) daily quests , and the naxxramas meeting stone . i would go so far as to suggest that it is not worth your time . conceivably , you had get just as much pvp experience fighting consecutive duels outside of ironforge or orgrimmar .
the words compact and redstone do not usually go together : ) there could be something simpler than this , probably using some weird combination of water , pistons , and chewing gum , but this is the best i can come up with : a basic delay circuit ( from the wiki ) : in the screenshot , there is actually a pressure plate on the right , bit hard to see . i prefer not to use buttons , when running for my life . : )
as of november 21st , 2012 , the item upgrade to premium gift was released : the upgrade to premium gift is a tool . when used , it will grant the user a premium account granting them perks such as a 300 slot backpack , access to all crafting recipes , and the ability to trade their items to other players . gifting this item to another player will give the sender the professor speks item . essentially , if you gift this item to someone else , not only will they become premium , but you will also receive the professor speks item as well .
there is no limit to how many times you can spray a spray , though there is a cooldown in between sprays . sprays last until you spray elsewhere , which means you cannot tile a wall with your spray . furthermore , some servers have it set so that no one can spray . consult your options panel for the spray keybinding . the default is bound to " t " . installing a spray is kind of a hassle if you have never done it before , check out this page : http://tf2.gamebanana.com/tuts/4488 find your image , it must be square the following sizes are acceptable : 64*64 128*128 256*256 . download vtfedit . with vtfedit , import your own.jpg , . bmp , etc . . . and convert it to a . vtf file ( valve texture file ) now place the . vtf file in : ( your dir ) \steam\steamapps ( your username ) \team fortress 2\tf\materials\vgui\logos to fix the quick view appearing blank copy the same . vtf also in : ( your dir ) \steam\steamapps ( your username ) \team fortress 2\tf\materials\vgui\logos\ui in game , go to the options and click import the spray and browse for it in the \logos folder ( not the ui folder ! ) and validate . ( this will create a vmt file near your vtf )
snow golems are hardcoded to catch on fire in biomes where the temperature is above a certain value . the relevant snippet from mcp is : if (this.worldObj.getBiomeGenForCoords(i, j).getFloatTemperature() &gt; 1.0F) { this.attackEntityFrom(DamageSource.onFire, 1.0F); }  this finds the biome of the snow golem 's current location , checks if the biome 's temperature setting is higher than 1.0 , then if so deals damage to the golem as if it were on fire . the location of this code means it takes damage every mob update tick ( which is not the same as a world tick or a growing tick ) , which means it takes damage very quickly . taken from the declarations in BiomeGenBase , the temperature of the nether is a scorching 2.0 . the other vanilla biomes that have a temperature > 1.0 are desert ( 2.0 ) , deserthills ( 2.0 ) , jungle ( 1.2 ) , and junglehills ( 1.2 ) . therefore , a costly way you can make a snow golem survive in the nether is by bathing it in a constant supply of fire resistance potions . this will keep it from taking damage from the fire effect that being in warm biomes causes it .
you will need another play through . the reason for that is that you are not able to carry over items from a friend 's game to your own . i should point out that demon 's souls has a new game+ mode ( along with new game++ , new game+++ , et cetera ) , which increases the difficulty of the game , and carries over your items and levels from your first game . new game+ unlocks when you beat the game . so you do not need to make a new character to get it .
the only ways to get gems are to : purchase them get them from the tutorial be given them by friends share completed goals on facebook/twitter win colosseum matches win them at the racetrack acquire them from gemstone dragons if you just started : at several points , the tutorial will give you gems and tell you to use them . ignore the prompts , and you will get to keep the gems . there is no limit on how many gems you can receive from friends , but every player can only gift 3 gems per day ( 6 if they have the dragonsai gifting tree ) . so generally you can get a maximum of 3/6 gems from friends daily - unless you can find someone willing to give you gems for nothing in return . when you complete in-game objectives called " goals " , most message pop-ups will have facebook/twitter sharing buttons . use both to receive 2 extra gems . some goals themselves also have a small gem reward attached to them . the colosseum will win you 0/2/5 gems per day . you can enter one dragon a day , and at most you will get 5 gems per day back as a reward . winning the race gives you a spin of the prize wheel - rarely , you may win some gems . entering the race is relatively inexpensive and frequently rewards gold , so entering hundreds of times per day is not out of the question , assuming you have enough time to devote . every month a rare dragon is available for breeding which matches the birthstone of the month . these dragons can only live on gemstone island . when upgraded to level 10 , these dragons produce gems at a rate of 1/week . by default you can have at most 12 dragons on your gemstone island , 3 per island . as shadur notes in the comments , you can also upgrade each section of the gemstone island for 25 , then 50 gems , each upgrading allowing each " quarter " of the island to hold one more dragon . you can get 12 gems a week with a fully stocked , non-upgraded gemstone island , or up to 20 gems a week with a fully upgraded gemstone island . ( note it takes a whooping 300 gems to upgrade all island slots ) . note gems are mostly for extras ; speeding up actions , upgrading certain buildings ( the nursery ) or buying special buildings ( the extra breeding cave ) .
magic is pretty diverse . need to kill a bandit ? shoot fire from your hands . enemy immune to fire ? shoot lighting or ice . mobbed by a pack of wolves ? charm or frenzy them . archers hitting you hard ? shield or conjure armor and regenerate health . need to escape ? chameleon or invisibility and paralyze . but what if you are facing a breton with dragonskin and some kind of crazy 90% magic resist buff ? well , summon up a skeletal warroir , go chameleon , and heal your summon , while it wails on the poor breton who probably skimped on physical armor to get such awesome magic armor . in short , you do not have to diversify your skills outside of magicka to have a diverse set of combat options .
you can use the right mouse button ( or your custom key for movement ) to cancel a skill cast at any point before actually casting it . using s ( player stop command ) or h ( player hold command ) will not cancel the ability .
the installer uses pando media booster and suffers from wine bug 22152 -> http://bugs.winehq.org/show_bug.cgi?id=22152 start the installer as follows : $ gc_dont_gc=1 wine . /sdgo_130212 . exe i also advise to use a newer wine version from 1.5 . x branch ( check with your distro/google how to get it ) . 1.4.1 ( stable ) is very old . regards
the correct pairing is plasma + salamander . it took longer than usual to find since the use of opposite dragons ( plasma ) was unexpected . since this is a gemstone dragon , there is only one valid combo .
yes , killstreak kits can be applied to any quality of weapons . killstreak kits can be applied to weapons of any quality . source
planting a single jungle sapling will create on of the small jungle trees . placing a group of 4 jungle saplings in a square ( and using bonemeal ) will make a large jungle tree . i am not sure if the bone meal is required , or just speeds it up . apparently not all the saplings need to be jungle saplings , just the one you use bone meal on . this was patched in minecraft 1.2.4 , and no longer works ; all 4 saplings need to be jungle saplings .
check ngirl_gf 's faq here . see the " traits " section .
you are correct about void monk . the trick is to give him a boost , through the assault boost square . take out the cleric with the necromancer , then move the void monk to the assault boost square and take out the other three units .
from what i remember critical strike : 100% cap movement speed : [ edit ] some cap applies see wikia cooldown reduction : 40% cap attack speed : 2.5 attacks per second cap most of these cap are surely confirm on the league of legends wikia .
they have a championship at the end of every season . last year the season 1 championship was the dreamhack tournament which was won by fnatic , but we do not know when or where the season 2 championship will take place yet .
you can mute the rain sound by replacing the rain sound in the minecraft " resources " directory . no . jar file editing required ! windows : - navigate to %appdata%/ . minecraft/resources/newsound/ambient/weather mac : - navigate to ~/library/application support/minecraft/resources/newsound/ambient/weather linux : - navigate to ~/ . minecraft/resources/newsound/ambient/weather all : download silent . ogg and save it to that directory ( right click and save file as . . . ) rename rain1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 . ogg to rain1 , 2 , 3 and 4 . bak copy silent . ogg three times and rename them to rain1 , 2 , 3 and 4 . ogg all done ! play minecraft and now the rain will be silent . ( note : if silent . ogg 404 's on that link in the future , just search google for " silent ogg " or make one yourself in your favorite sound editor ) . bonus : you can do this for any sound file in the game , just browse around the resources directory for . ogg files .
there are no penalties as such . you just will not get the bonuses , which i guess you can class as a penalty . with that said though , you get the bonus of extra armour , so it is more of a trade-off .
fire spray usually works well , since you can move while casting . ( but this will not work when they are already in your face . ) melee attack also worked well for me . when i was going through 3-2 i had a fairly decent moon short sword and could take them down with 3-4 hits . my aim was to kill them with successive hits , not allowing them to swing their swords . make sure and learn where each one is though - do not walk past any and you will be able to take them on one at a time . do not let them gang up on you . you could also try using a shield with a higher guard break reduction value , since this will reduce the amount of stamina used to block attacks . buckler+4 has a gbr of 51 . if you have a leather shield ( 54 ) , kite shield ( 55 ) , knight 's shield ( 57 ) or even the purple flame shield ( 60 ) you might have more luck blocking their attacks . pairing a shield with some kind of spear may also be useful , because you can attack without lowering your shield . edit : after playing through a section of 3-2 using just a leather shield and a short sword ( both base level ) , i have more hints : manage your stamina ( the green bar on the top-left of screen ) . after blocking one strike , you should be able to hit a few times before running out of stamina . when this happens , back away from the gargoyle and lower your shield , allowing your stamina to replenish . then go back in with your shield raised and repeat . do not allow the gargoyle to hit you while you have anything less than full stamina - shields are not effective if you do not have enough stamina to absorb the hit . if you do not have enough stamina to absorb even one hit , you need to level up your endurance and/or use a better shield .
no , there is sadly no way to accurately throw a grenade . not like other games where they show you the path the grenade will take . you can guesstimate where it will land , but that is about it . on several occasion i ended up throwing a grenade from cover just to have it land at my feet while i ran away with my arms in the air . figuratively speaking : )
to specifically answer your question at hand , blocking someone will make it so you appear offline to them . no notifications are sent regarding your status or game-playing . they will still be on your friends list ( and you will be on their list ) , so you have easy access to unblock them at any time . blocked players who are unfriended are still blocked , and they cannot send you another friend request . i have personally used ' blocking ' to temporarily set myself as offline to a specific individual or small group of people while being online to everyone else . i have also personally verified this through my wife 's steam account too . just keep in mind your steamcommunity profile is public , so if anyone happens to visit your browser profile ( e . g . steamcommunity.com/id/yourprofileid ) while playing a game , it will say you are in-game . i do not think that will really be a problem , as i am assuming there is not really a reason for the people you are blocking to visit your browser profile . setting your status to ' appear offline ' does make you offline across the board , including steamcommunity.com. additional note : the other answers here spurred me to do some additional testing with this . if the person you are blocking is online when you block them . you will permanently be ' online ' to them until they close or restart steam . if you want to covertly block someone , do so while they are offline so when they log in next you will appear offline to them .
of course they drop or else they would not be on the auction house . they are just like the legendary , they are very rare . i already got the wizard 's off hand and a hand crossbow ( danatela ) if i remember . . . . but seriously the set items just dont cut it for inferno .
i have managed to get silver , but not quite gold . move the left stick forward and back real quick at the beginning to do a little bunny hop over that initial mound . then hit y to bail about at the middle of the last platform while shifting all your weight forward at the end . will return if i can figure out how to get gold !
according to the tiny tower wiki 's page on food floors , there are a few businesses that take over an hour to stock ( at level one ; the times increase as you level up the businesses ) : bakery : bread loaf ( 3 hours ) bbq place : bbq sandwich ( 1 hour ) , beef ribs ( 3 hours , 40 minutes ) donut shop : bearclaws ( 3 hours , 25 minutes ) pancake house : berry pancakes ( 2 hours ) , big stack ( 6 hours , 40 minutes ) scoops : ice cream cake ( 3 hours )
lovely dye seems to be sold randomly by talnin the collector in act 2 on hell difficulty ( nearly every time i check his " miscellaneuous " tab he sells it ) . the price is 2160 gold , the auction house price is ~1400 gold , so you are better off buying it in the auction house .
you unlock a showcase every ten levels , starting at level ten .
from uesp , under glitches : the value of enchanted equipment is inversely proportional to your current level of enchanting . for example , a leather bracer enchanted while under the effects of a fortify enchanting potion will have less value than a leather bracer enchanted without a fortify enchanting potion . if creating enchanted items for sale , remove any fortify enchanting buffs you may have equipped and do not drink any fortify enchanting potions . assuming this is not a glitch ( it most likely is ) , it could just be a hidden mechanic to make creating the same item over and over again less profitable the more times you do it . you can look at it one of two ways : from a game design perspective , you would not want players to be able to " farm " one item over and over again . this gets tedious and makes the game feel like a job . from a role-playing perspective , when your first turn undead dagger was made , there were presumably only a few of them in the world of skyrim . now that you have made 86 of them , they are not worth as much . you have turned a rare-ish magic weapon into something commonplace . and before you shoot down #2 ( because the first dagger you made is still worth more than the last one you made ) , its obvious that the inhabitants of skyrim will pay more for one of your early works to proudly display in their shops .
cost discount falls off quickly with number of engineers , and is capped at 50% . the formula is project cost = base cost * ( 0.5 + 0.5 * ( minimum engineers / available engineers ) ) that is , with double the required engineers you get 25% discount , with four times the required engineers you get 37.5% discount , with infinity engineers you get 50% discount . also , there is a 7% rebate for adjacent workshops , but afaik , that is returned after the project completes .
it sounds like you are misunderstanding what it means to kill yourself vs defeat yourself . if you are not getting the drop , then you are dying at the same time . that is no good . wear the crown . then you can actually " defeat yourself " .
i’m willy , the creator of ramble planet . gaining equipment increases your level . there are 5 pieces of equipment . the very center of the desert is surrounded by skull-shaped walls . some of the passages through these walls teleport you . in the middle of these walls are some pillars . one tile of pillars looks different than the others and contains a hidden switch . this switch reveals a chest that contains a piece of equipment . on the wall is a dying robot creature . if you speak with him , he explains that his mother killed him . after that , his mother appears on the wall . she is level 3 and partially invisible . if you find her and defeat her , you will earn another piece of equipment . inside a grave in the cemetery is a piece of equipment . there are clues as to which grave if you read some of the other gravestones . underground , in one of the west chambers of crypt/pyramid is a purple sarcophagus that contains a piece of equipment . of course , you have to navigate the maze of one-way ramps to get there . underground , there is a robot on an island in the river . he is west of the grove/garden area . if you have 100 experience , he will give you a piece of equipment .
dual wielding is easier as you can take care of enemies faster thus you take less damage . at higher level it all depends on the gear you have but for taking care of thing a bit faster go with dual wielding . shield and one-handed weapon is best for dragons as the fight will be a little bit longer and more concentrated plus it helps with blocking and higher armor bonus . i suggest dual wielding as its easier and faster to just take care of the enemy before they have a chance to do massive damage to you and it speeds up the fight , plus i think it looks better : )
blink dagger is an excellent item on both lion and shadow shaman . even if neither of them have big aoe teamfight spells , a blink dagger is still incredibly useful . for instance , if both teams are fighting and your team is winning the fight , you can save the blink ( i.e. . not use it to initiate ) and just use your spells as normally in the fight , then blink forward and pick off a hero when they start to retreat . if your team is losing a teamfight , blink is great for getting away . this does not mean to abandon your carry at the first sign of danger , but if fighting is useless , it is better to not die and feed extra gold and exp to the enemy team . another strategy that is very good but requires excellent timing is to position yourself vulnerably when a teamfight is about to break out , then blink to safety when an enemy goes on you . this can make the enemy heroes waste stuns and get out of position , allowing your team to win the fight . versus aghanim 's scepter , i would say to prioritize blink on lion every time , and also on support/mid shadow shamans . if your team is doing a push strat where shadow shaman farms the safe lane , then rush aghanim 's in order to take down towers early .
i think this is where the confusion start . within city , you can fast travel to synchronize point . you cannot fast travel to " fast travel " point . what you can do is you go by foot to " fast travel " points and you will have an option to teleport to another " fast travel " points . the fast travel points look like small boats that usually teleport us to our ship . instead , it teleport us to other fast travel points .
killing jason , or any other non-feral ghoul at the repconn test site will fail come fly with me . i am not sure whether this will satisfy manny however , with respect to finding out where the man who shot you went . if you want to make an end-run around dealing with repconn however , you can either convince manny to tell you what he knows by either applying some . . . ' pressure ' via the confirmed bachelor perk , or you can just hack the terminal in his room in novac and read his emails on the subject .
use a mod like schwartz mod compilation this will unlock the 2nd island , remove the fog of war and allow you to purchase all the guns from the beginning of the game , even the special guns . this leaves very little reason to climb the towere in the first place seeing as the fow is removed all over . remember to revert back to the original files you replaced installing the mod when you want to go multiplayer .
to use a ranged weapon , you need to right click on the arrows you want to use , the arrow will then show up in the yellow box to the right of your character portrait , and then right click on the enemy you want to fire at .
i just got a wet suit tonight and attempted swimming to the " main street " area . there was a section of beach in my village that was previously inaccessible because i could not build a bridge there , but i was able to swim to it . unfortunately , the beach ends abruptly with a cliff blocking access past the railroad bridge . there are also very conspicuous boulders in the ocean blocking access towards main street , so it seems this is impossible ( by design ) by means of diving/swimming .
as alissa said , the sign saying " take items as soon as possible " is simply there so you will remember to empty the box . anything left in the box will just stay there when you return to the island , reducing the number of things you can take home again . it would actually be a way to take things with you to the island had they not disallowed putting things into the pick-up end of the box . do not worry , the game gives you plenty of warnings in cases where you might lose items : the island residents always warn you when doing something will sell off items implicitly , anyone sending you mail will remind you to empty your mailbox , because overflow mail is not ( never ? ) received , and the game provides a lost and found ( in the police station ) for items removed from the ground because there was no room to drop it or because an event or new house is taking place .
the tickets are not random , so your latter assumption is correct . the numbers are predetermined and will give you a certain prize based on which number you had . there are a few numbers ( 4 , 6 , 16 , 30 , 38 ) which will only give you a random piece of regular furniture , carpet or wallpaper rather than one of the unique items . the full list is as follows : -source
i actually did the same exact thing you have @hvgotcodes . i am current a heavy mage build with most of my points ins destro . quick tip : if you have the dual casting perk and stun perk , put fire in both your left and right hand , and cast them together . it does great damage and stuns them : kiting works great with that . i was able to take on my first 2 giants around the same level as you [ by accident ] when i left the first city ( whiterun ) . shadow wizard does brings up a good point . i actually like to do a sneak attack with arrows first while crouched and put as many as i can into the giants before kiting with my mage abilities .
he was most likely using a modded gun . i generally play with a group of people i know , but if i ever go on xbox live with randoms , it seems like they always have modded weapons and shields .
you must be playing the class in question to receive their achievements , even if they have general triggers . ( another example is the demon hunter 's longshot , requiring you to kill 100 monsters from over 45 yards away - if you are not a demon hunter , you can not get it , even if you are a wizard routinely killing things from offscreen . )
yes , they both work at the same time . however , i prefer to use nmm as it provides a better way ( for me ) to download , install , and manage mods than the skyrim workshop . for instance , it gives you finer control at ordering the mods , this is especially important for the unofficial patches . i do not use boss so i can not say either way . you will always have incompatibilities if you use mods together , no matter what you do . nmm does its best at identifying possible conflicts . there are more mods available on nmm since the workshop limits sizes of mods ( which is why falskaar is not in the workshop ) , as well as not having any mods that uses the skyrim script extender . ( skyui is my favorite ' mod ' for skyrim but uses sse ) .
all you need to travel to another world is coal . you can find it in dirt and rock fairly easily on the surface , or with a little digging . teleport up to your ship , head for your fuel tank towards the front of the ship , and put some coal in your fuel tank . yes , your interstellar spaceship runs off of basic fossil fuels . wood no longer acts as a fuel source for your spaceship , but you can now smelt 10 unrefined wood into a piece of coal , as of the frustrated koala patch
all spells and abilities use both the attack speed and damage of weapons into consideration . take for example the wizard , spells cast faster with a faster weapon and hit harder with a sharper blade . the monk works under the same principle . also , i do not think damage is based on " dps " , but rather on the minimum and maximum damage of the weapon . the " dps " should give an approximate value of your abilities damage before modifiers . so in summary , higher min/max damage = more damage per ability usage and faster attack speed = more ability uses per second . see this summary and the attached blue post : http://www.diablowiki.net/spells
you guessed right . the first + is a bonus to your accuracy , meaning the chance that your attack connect with the enemy . the second is a damage bonus , which is , of course , only applied if your attack actually hit the enemy . note that missiles can only have an accuracy bonus , not damage . source : scroll of enchant weapon
the alliance help feature is broadcast to other players ' screens . each person that notices and clicks " help " will reduce your build/research/etc task by 1 minute or 1% whichever is greater . if your alliance members arent online , and do not click the help button , that progress bar wont move . it requires specific manual intervention by the other players and they might not be available when you are .
apparently they still work , but are slower and more difficult to build . as of beta 1.5 , you are now required to look at the corner between the water and the ladders to even go up the water ladder , and the bottom of the ladder now requires three consecutive ladders without a gap . going up a water ladder is slightly slower than before , but it is still significantly faster than regular ladders . also as of beta 1.5 , minecraft will sometimes recognize the player as " in " the water causing an annoying delay to climbing ladders . as of beta 1.6 , water ladders are harder to build , slower and more difficult to use , but still allow faster vertical motion than ladders . here is a tutorial for 1.5 ( at about 2:00 it talks about pre 1.5 water ladders and how to make them work again ) here is a tutorial for 1.6.6
short answer : yes . long answer : yes , you have to purchase all of the expansions prior to the most recent expansion in order to play the most recent expansion . the simplest reasoning for this is that each expansion also includes a level range . you cannot level to 90 without first leveling to 60 , then to 70 , then to 80 , and then to 85 . it is worth mentioning that the burning crusade and classic ( vanilla ) are packaged together , so they cannot be purchased separately . at regular price , the battle chest ( the combination of tbc and classic , including a free month of play ) is $19.99 usd , wrath of the lich king is $19.99 usd , and cataclysm is $39.99 usd . you can also play for free up to level 20 with the starter edition . also , there is a discount if you purchase all of these at once . however , i believe that you have to create a battle .netaccount ( do not worry , it is free ) and then buy the game from battle .net, attaching it directly to your account .
you will need to complete the jethimadh tower quest . to start it : you need to first move through a series of locked doors and rooms inside jethimadh tower . you will need to enter from either the north or south street entrance . the first key should be given to you automatically when you enter the tower for the first time . the next key can be found in one of the secrets of jethimadh tower locations . the most difficult part of the quest is actually finding the keys here . they respawn slowly , and if there is a large number of other players around you might not be able to find one . after that you will move through a series of rooms , using keys obtained in the previous room to open the door to the next . spinach will be required . they can be harvested ( so bring a hoe ) from the first locked room in the tower . the quest for gwendolyn will start at the point when you find a greeterbot . a more detailed explanation ( spoilers ) can be found on the wiki . as for the quest itself , you will move through a series of weird ( by glitch standards ! ) sceneries . this stage is actually pretty easy , as everything is very linear . you will need to do a fair bit of platforming . at the end you will meet gwendolyn , and she will give you a random kindness , in addition to the usual quest rewards . the quest can be repeated for 100 currents by going back to the greeterbot . there is also a more mundane method for obtaining random kindness - by harvesting crops with croppery ii skill . if you need one ( or a key ) i can send it to you if you drop your username in a comment .
here 's from the wiki : it is possible to bank mana during the building phase using the forge . ( only after first wave . ) items left on the ground at the start of a wave get turned into mana and split between the players . end of level - at the successful completion of a level , you will receive some mana back for your towers . upon leaving a level - items on the ground are sold and split between the players extra items can be sold for mana based on their quality . mana can be traded between heroes in the tavern by dropping it . access the hero menu and choose " drop mana " . mana has a maximum of 100,000 per drop .
one of the major reason for bans is to counter champions perceived as overpowered . but the bans are not there just because riot is too lazy to fix the champs in a patch . the main issue is that different champions can be op in different situations , and the ban system allows players to get rid of op champs for their specific situation . the biggest example of this is play at different elos . some champions are much more effective at low elo than high elo ( or vice versa ) . the classic example of this from years past was master yi . yi can be exceptionally strong if teams do not cc and focus him . since teams rarely focus well at low elo , he was very strong there . but he was terrible at high elo because those players generally know how to target and eliminate a squishy carry . in cases like this , a ban system allows low elo players to get rid of champs like master yi without riot making him even weaker at high elo . if riot had to nerf him to just fix low elo play , yi would be worse than trash at high elo . in more competitive play there are additional reasons for bans beyond champs simply being op . if you know your opponents , you might ban out their favorite champs . alternatively , if you know that one of your teammates is going to play a certain champion , you might ban out hard counters to that champion . this especially happens in solo lanes - if your team really wants a certain champ top or mid , they might often ban their hard counters .
any class and any weapon can lay down suppressive fire . the amount of suppression achieved depends on 3 things : the proximity of the bullets to the person the size of the bullets fired ( bigger bullets , and especially frag rounds and explosives , will achieve more of a suppressive effect , so an smg will have less of a suppressive effect than a sniper rifle ) the amount of bullets fired ( the suppression effect continues to stack until it reaches the cap , so an smg can be just as suppressive as a sniper rifle , but will require more bullets ) . all of this coupled together makes the support class generally the best class to purposely lay down suppressive fire , as using the bi-pod will make you accurate enough to get close proximity , your bullets are large enough to achieve quite a good suppression effect per bullet and you can fire much more than any other class to reach the suppression cap much more quickly . with that said , generally , you will not purposely try to lay down suppressive fire much ( unless you are in a really good squad who actually communicates and works as a team ) , you will generally be taking a few shots at an enemy and a few will miss , causing suppression , and as long as they are at least a little bit suppressed , you will get the suppression bonus if someone else kills them ( they do not need to be very suppressed at all , just enough to cause the screen blur ) .
in my experience , no . i have collected about 600000 credits altogether , and the spectre requisitions weapons cost more than that . you had need about twice that to buy everything , and i doubt i have missed half of all possible credits .
yes . a giant cave spider may or may not be on the map upon embark , or worse , it may be lying in wait to ambush your dwarves , invisible until they get too close , but the presence of their silk is only a dead giveaway that there are some available to your map . giant cave spider silk will not regenerate without a live giant cave spider to spew it .
three ways , likely do not help as much as you want though . 1 ) bronze mirror - returns you to the last shrine visited . 2 ) boats and the carriages which charge a fee . 3 ) warp between shrines after you beat the game .
a list of things to help with creepers : light up the outside yard to reduce the chance that a creeper can spawn and randomly walk into awareness range always allow your entrances to have a clear view of the outside area so you can see what is there . always use those clear views to check for creepers . when you leave your house , dash . . get some good distance between you and the house . ( while not directly a building thing , this is more of a consideration to make sure you can run some where : ) ) always -always- have more than one exit from a place . preferably on different sides of the house/dwelling/whatever . creepers can not blow up obsidian blocks ( but obsidian is a pain in the ass to build with ) creepers will still damage you but not blocks if they are in water , even in a stream of water seems to work with this . . however its quite a bit more of a pain in the ass than building in obsidian to build things with water covering all/most of it . become that creepy person with tons of cats around . . but also be aware they will not halt/hinder/interrupt an already hissing creeper . at the end of the day just putting up enough torches and making sure you can see whats around the doors is your best bet . there really is no way to make a house creeper proof . if it can get to where you are and you are next to your house , chances are it will blow up and take something with it .
it is only user specific , we have tested it .
you are basically trying to find the room marked by the circle in below screenshot . the location names are as follows : stairway to heaven ( you can teleport here ) the butterfly effect jumping through hoops not enough pieces learning to draw ( where you will get the green gun )
decency provides an excellent recommendation for selecting multiple units without external resources . if you insist on achieving exactly what you ask for , you can use autohotkey . a sample script which accomplishes this could be : simply save the above text as a .ahk file and open it to enable the script . from then on , whenever you middle-click in starcraft / starcraft 2 , it'll double-click instead . regarding the legality of macros , this post on the battle .netforums implies that macros that are not used for automation are allowed .
as of patch 2.0.5 . caches have a greater chance to drop legendary items on torment2+ difficult level . now have an increased chance to drop legendary items on torment ii - vi the cache will contain items that match the level of the game that the cache was received in . even if you change to a higher level and open the cache . the level of the items will still be the level you received the cache .
icicles hanging from the ceiling almost never have loot in them . do not bother melting them unless you have got plenty of eve to spare ( i.e. . there are tons of eve hypos laying around nearby you can not pick up because you are full ) .
as you have gathered , dreams are chiefly long , atmospheric storylines that provide a small amount of orthogonal content . while you do not need to complete dreams to complete the story , the dreams do give you insight into some of the themes and main storylines of fallen london . however : completing what the thunder said gives you the stormy-eyed quality , which does turn up outside dreams . one death by water card has an option that requires unaccountably peckish . this option will put you on the search for the name , which is incredibly unwise . dream progress can be hazardous at high nightmares , as additional nightmare-inducing cards will appear in your deck .
according to urban dictionary , " kobe " is an exclamation , referring to talented basketball player . . . kobe bryant , used when someone does something requiring skill or great luck pretending to be skill . created by dave chappelle . . . in an episode of chappelle show . in this case , the exclamation probably refers to scoring a hit with the throwing knife .
it is not easy to tell if the biome you are in is surface or not because of the walls behind the house , i suggest breaking all of that . also , as it states in the wiki , " to get the truffle to move in , there must be housing in a surface mushroom biome during hardmode . " judging by the list you have provided you have done all of the things that are required . all that is left is to see if the house you built is even suitable for npc 's . as it states under the npc section of the wiki , a suitable housing has : proper lighting enclosed frame composed of blocks , a door , and walls . ( size : about 5x12 blocks ) 1 flat surface item ( ex : table , dresser , bathtub , bookcase , workbench , piano ) 1 comfort item ( ex : chair , throne , bench , sofa , bed ) from the pictures you gave , the program might be mistaking your surface biome as an underground one because of the excess grass walls or not enough lighting . another thing might be the height of the room . if nothing works , just have a little patients , npc 's sometimes take a while to move in . also , just try to preoccupy yourself with something else while waiting , helps pass the time . another thing , those walls inside the house must be player placed , if they spawned that way ( which i doubt but does not hurt to inform ) you need to remove them . please note : that there is a bug where if you killed the boss plantera before the truffle moving in , he will not move in and you will need to make a new world
yes the champions can be categorized by types and roles , as the types are less i shall start with them . de facto there are two types of champs . melee ranged these champs have each an affinity to one of the following , even though each will be set with any champ , and depending on how the " affinity " is mixed ( sorry not native english speaker ) they are given different roles abilities auto-atacks damage-soak usually ranged champs are not affine to absorbing damage . melee champions who specialize in damage-soak and have lots of Crowd Control ( disabling the enemy ) are usually called Tank . their job is to protect the Carry a ( usually ranged ) champ either specializing in abilities ( AP-Carry/Caster ) or auto-atacks ( AD-Carry ) champs who specialize in dealing damage to the enemy Carry are called Bruiser or Assassin . these champs usually have some skill to close up onto the Carry and deal quite some damage to kill him quickly . the big difference is : Bruisers are more like Tanks and Assassins are more like Carries there are also champs who are designed to provide lots of Utility to the team . they usually have buffs and heals at their hands and are called Supporters . likewise to dota there is a Jungle in lol . champions who can ( not must ) sustain well and have a high Ganking-Potential ( meaning they can crowd-control and / or close gaps well ) are called Junglers . a jungler usually is either a Tank , Assassin or Bruiser final conclusion : there are 4 major types of champions : 1 . carry 2 . tank 3 . assassin/bruiser 4 . support
first of all , you have to make sure that you keep all of your citizens happy so that you can tax them to death . generals , town halls , churches , and farms are good ways to do this . after that , build ports , markets , farms , and mines in all of your cities , and consider converting some castles that are well protected into cities , since castles are best at making soldiers , not florins . since ports are your main money makers , trade agreements come in handy , as does having lots of cities . make sure not to let your docks get blockaded either . if you need lots of money quickly though , there are a couple ways of doing it . you can try to sell off some reserve military , but that is not the best option , since you never know when you will get attacked someplace that you never thought that you would , and since you do not get a lot for troops . my favorite way is to just go on a crusade/jihad with my main army that is closest to the people of a different religion . all the troops in that army get free upkeep , and i can hire dirt-cheap mercenaries while conquering new cities and keeping the pope happy . another way that works well when used with crusades is to just loot random cities . conquer a relatively undefended city that you know that you will never be able to keep , loot it , sell all the buildings , and march all of your troops out and on to their next target . you will usually get 30,000 florins , and your enemy 's city gets reduced to almost nothing .
you need to complete 17 levels in each world to unlock the boss . from the super meat boy blog : when you start a new chapter , all 20 main levels are unlocked . the boss remains locked till you complete at least 17 of the 20 levels in that chapter , and once you defeat the boss , the next chapter is unlocked . the exception to this rule is the 6th world ( the end ) , which requires all 5 light world levels to be completed to unlock the boss . this world also has a dark world boss , which requires 85 of the dark world levels to be completed to unlock ( source ) .
when playing ps1 games on psp , push the home button while the game is running . there should be a controls option where you can then customize the controls . individual customization are saved for every single game . sources : playstation forum psu forum
it is not possible to kill the bear , only survive the encounter . when you shoot the bear , it will slow down . kite it around ( run away from it ) until time expires . it will take quite a few bullets to escape , so if you are running low , it may be better to just take the hit than waste the few you have left . also , when the bear appears , regular zombies stop coming ( on normal difficulty and below , at least - unsure for higher ) , making kiting possible . this is from my own experience , shooting the bear pretty much the most possible number of times in the time allowed .
as far as i know you can only change the time of day if you are the host of a server . there is another related question you could have a look at : how do i sleep or skip nights ? .
running taxi missions can get you a small nest egg , which you then want to invest in the horse races - the odds of winning are pretty unrealistic . i seem to remember it being the same odds of success regardless of the odds on the horse . save your game before you start , and then bet the max you can on the longest-shot horse . if your horse wins , save , if not , reload your old save . in a couple of runs at this you will have enough cash to clear the rest of the game easily .
as of october 2013 , a dark room officially supports importing and exporting saved games . there is a save link in the bottom right corner that will let you copy or paste your current game state as a base64-encoded string : no more need to mess with the console ! just copy and paste away !
i had to take some time to look this up ( and plug things into my xbox ) and i learned the following : the xbox 360 will accept keyboard and mouse input ( i am actually guessing on the mouse as it did not do anything , but the 360 did not complain ) . this input is different in nature than the controller ( thus you can not use it to play halo for example ) you can use this to type into the xbox dashboard in any text input field . i dug deeper into the xna api and found the following : the xna keyboard class provides different enum from the xbox controller there is no explicit cast between the two ( though a developer could write one ) the keyboard and controller are polled differently ( so a developer must poll it separately from the controller ) because of the previous point , there is no built in way to associate a keyboard hooked into the 360 with an account without explicitly doing so ( ie . the api does not handle this for you ) . i hope this helps .
the way i understand it , motionplus only works with games that are expecting it . it is a periphiral , just like the nunchuk , and any game that is not specifically looking for it will just see an extra block of data labelled " motionplus stuff " and ignore it . besides , such games will not be asking you to calibrate motionplus anyway , and it probably will not work well without that .
the doges are as follows : 2 4 8 16 32 64 128 256 512 1024 2048
no . cows and other animals cannot starve to death . it is possible that some of them glitched into a wall and suffocated , but besides that , i can think of no other possible explanations .
there is no " set " lane for each champion , but some tend to fare better in some lanes than others . the pro scene is a little different than the answer i am going to give , because of their lane swapping and counterpicking . so , here we go : bottom lane is almost always a " support ( janna , lulu , taric , thresh , soraka , sona etc . ) " and " ranged ad carry ( ashe , draven , graves , vayne , varus , etc . ) " supports are champs that tend to still be effective with a small amount of gold , while ranged ad carries typically have the most damage out of any type of champion come late game , if they have managed to get a lot of gold . the support helps to keep the adc safe , and the adc takes all the farm that they can . mid lane : it used to be always ap mids , but that is changed a bit since the introduction of ad casters such as zed and khazix . generally , it is a champion that scales well off of levels , meaning they have strong spells . they are also usually strong roamers , able to run to top or bot lane to set up a kill with cc or pure damage mid lane does not have to share xp , and is shorter than the others , therefore safer for less mobile champions like viegar , zyra , syndra , swain , etc . common mids in the pro scene are : lux , kassadin , zed , orianna , twisted fate , the occasional karthus , and some more that i can not get off the top of my head . jungle and top have a similar champion pool , because thy have a few similar characteristics : be tanky ( a little to a lot ) and have some sort of sustain ( generally , but not always ) . junglers and tops include nasus , lee sin , udyr , zac , shen , jarvan ( better jungle ) . tops you will not see jungle : rumble , zed ( also mid , confusing i know ) , irelia , renekton . melee adc 's ( tryndamere , fiora , master yi ) , while uncommon , tend to go top or jungle . jungles you will not see top : sejuani , nautilus , shaco , nunu , etc . one almost requirement for junglers is form them to have strong ganks . nautilus has massive cc , sej has a good amount , and shaco has his stealth + blink for getting onto the lane enemy without begin seen . these lists are far from complete , but i hope it gives you a starting point .
you are correct . setting your settings in regard to what others can see to " block " will prevent them to see the type of content you blocked . the reason why you are still seeing it is because the functionality to gather all your activities cannot be turned off . hence your feed is still assembled but not shared ( or partially depending on your settings ) . this will enable you to share past activities should you wish to toggle the settings again .
the ' easiest ' solution would be here . all in one solution to convert the audio to 3.5mm jack and a vga ( which your monitor should support - otherwise convert from there to dvi ) .
here is a link where you can find all the cars : http://www.gamesradar.com/need-speed-most-wanted-jack-spot-locations-guide/?page=2 here is a interactive map by ign : http://www.ign.com/maps/need-for-speed-most-wanted/world
according to the minecraft wiki , the xbox version is closest to beta 1.8.2 . it is expected to be updated again . here are a few key differences between the versions . the full current list can be found here . local 4 player split-screen multiplayer ( requires hdtv , will not work on sd ) limited to 8 player online play ( apparently cross platform multi , but not too sure about that ) newly designed crafting system seems to use a list for crafting , so you do not need to remember recipes world 's limited to 862x862x128 blocks ( pc is ∞x∞x256 , expected to be increased in later versions ) cannot change difficulty mid-game can not use mods , texture packs , or add player skins ( 8 skins included in game ) texture packs and mods support is expected much later includes tutorial mode kinect support is expected to be added later edit : as of october 12th , 2012 , the xbox version was updated to include all features listed ( here )
wow . the problem was launching the game with -nomoviestartup under the launch options in steam . without that , it works fine . the -nomoviestartup launch option is used to skip the intro videos when starting up the game . i guess it skips too much videos . credit goes to ahi .
as of the 1.04 patch on 8/21/2012 , each party member gets their own magic find and gold find value applied to the items that drop for them . prior to 1.04 , magic find in a party was averaged between party members . so if you had a 4 person party , one had 40% , one had 20% , and the other two had none , everyone would have an effective magic find of 15% for their own drops . the same thing applies to gold find bonuses and bonuses to xp . for single player with a follower , you get your own value , plus 20% of the bonuses on your follower 's gear . source
since the 1.2.0 patch nerf the bee works like you describe in your second paragraph . if the damage card lists multiple projectiles ( as in a 3000x14 shotgun ) then the amp damage boost is divided by the multiplier ( 14 , in this example ) . if the weapon has a special effect where a single bullet ends up producing two or more projectiles , such as the sand hawk 's 8 pellets per shot , then every projectile gets full amp damage . i do not have an authoritative source for this but i have observed it myself and the borderlands wikia confirms this behavior : " amp shields have their amp damage amount divided among the projectiles from multi-projectile weapons " . so post-1.2.0 patch , there are two ways to maximize amp damage from the bee . either get a weapon with a many-pellet special effect like the sand hawk so each trigger pull fires many fully amped bullets . or else get a weapon with a very high fire rate so that it fires many fully amped bullets in a short period of time .
do not target faralda - target the rune on the ground ( it looks like an eye ) behind her . if you do it correctly , it will light up .
the technical reason it is showing html ? the client probably expects an error message in plaintext that explains why the login failed . the client is receiving an actual html document and does not do any checking before it loads all that text into the spot where the error message should be . this could be any number of issues where your client is getting back html from something between you and the minecraft server ( such as a network security layer or wifi login page , like amazed suggested ) or the minecraft server itself producing 404 , 500 or any number of other error pages for any number of reasons . considering that it is happening on 3 of 4 servers , maybe they have not upgraded to 1.5 yet ?
tetromino/tetris block cipher controller inputs are only associated with tetrominos once . where ? towards the top of the map , in the tree near the octopus building that houses the solar system model . what is inside ? a puzzle that displays tetromino blocks based off of controller inputs , and an anticube prize for cracking the nearby pillar 's code . ( image ) ( link to finished cipher ) the classroom in the 8-cube blade runner city then shows how to interpret the pillars with tetromino inscriptions . here 's one wall , but relate it to the others : numbers cipher like the alphabet , there is not one proper way to do this , but you might be interested in the 16-cube temple 's classroom . instead of trekking back , this is what it looks like : hint : those are " equals " signs , and the last picture is arithmetic . also , the figure/ground is confusing—pay attention to the box and its internal vertical/horizontal lines , not the " c " shapes . ( link to finished cipher )
d'oh ! you can not start a new game plus from your old save game . you have to start it at the main menu , by choosing an empty save slot .
throw enough candies ( 1630 ) on the ground and the guy ( . _ . ) will dig a hole ( because he gets annoyed by your candy wasting ) . he falls into a room that contains something . a chocolate bar around 2000 candies ( 1770 ) , he digs into another room . in this room , there are giant candies . he stays in the room and keeps eating them . he does not do anything else after that , just eating those giant candies .
the solution from various other sites that has been going around : make sure you do not send the gold you earned for the item to your stash . open up a chat console , type a message to anyone ( even party if there is no-one in your party ) , shift and click the little icon next to the gold amount ( same as when you are linking your friends to your items in your inv ) , it will show the item you sold as a link in the console which you can click on and see the stats of . as of the 1.04 patch , it should be possible to just mouse over the item in your completed window to see its stats .
any jobs that are currently running will stop , and any progress made on the bpo during that job will also be lost ( as will any materials supplied as part of the industry job ) . you will need to refuel and online the pos again ( along with the lab in question ) in order to be able to retrieve your bpo . ( alternatively , some " helpful " player may help you out by war deccing you , and destroying your offlined pos - potentially claiming the bpo if it drops when the lab is destroyed - thus relieving you from having to worry about it any more ) nb . you only lose the progress of the job in operation when the pos goes offline - completed jobs remain completed , so only partial jobs are cancelled .
you are fighting wrong . what you should do is jump , jump , jump . and spam batarangs to the croc . jump over/from henchmen and always have croc on your screen to have time to jump away when he starts rushing towards you . hope it helps
global option you can now allow downloads during any gameplay from the downloads settings : per game option you can now tell steam to continue downloading updates/games while playing games from your games ' properties . note that this setting is not available for non-steam games , which will always use the global setting .
as far as i have been able to determine there is no downside aside from not getting ghost or smooth operator bonuses .
to end the standoff with the illusive man via charm / intimidate , you need to have previously used charm / intimidate in every conversation with him . there are 6 in total : once on mars , once on thessia [ 1 ] , once on the cerberus base , and three times in the final conversation on the citadel . the first three are hidden within left-side ( investigate ) branches of the dialog tree , and you can only use the final charm / intimidate if you have succeeded at all the previous 6 . the last paragon option will convince the illusive man to commit suicide , and the renegade interrupt will result in you shooting the illusive man before he shoots anderson . 1: the paragon/renegade rewards for the charm/intimidate dialogue options on thessia are switched around , so if you wish to maximize your paragon points , you must choose intimidate and vice versa . doing so will not prevent you from convincing the illusive man at the end of the game .
so , the damage stat on the character sheet represents an estimate of dps , but it factors in a number of stats , including some that you do not see clearly elsewhere on the character sheer . first off , it factors in the bonus to damage from your characters primary stat . we will refer to that as s from here on out . s is a multiplier equal to your strength , dexterity , or intellect as appropriate . s = 214 ( primary attribute ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &times ; 1% ( bonus damage per point ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; + 1 ( base ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; = 3.14 next , it accounts for your chance to get a critical strike , as well as the magnitude of bonus damage gained from crits . we will call this c . because we are accounting for the average amount of damage gained from crits , we can just multiply the crit damage by the crit bonus ( as percentages ) to get the multiplier . my demon hunter does not have any gear or talents that modify her crit chance or damage , so that makes the math here easy . c = 5% ( chance to crit ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &times ; 50% ( bonus damage on crit ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; + 1 &nbsp ; &nbsp ; = 1.025 next , it accounts for weapon speed . we will call this r for ' rate of fire ' . this includes any modifiers that increase your attack speed , such as the bonus earned for dual wielding , or from having a quiver equipped in the case of my demon hunter , i have a quiver , and an amulet that provide a combined 17% bonus to my bows base attack speed of 1.4 . fortunately , we do not have to do any math here . the character sheet flat tells me : r = 1.64 now we come to the big one . average damage , which will abbreviate as a in our formula . what we want here is the average damage done by every single shot . this includes bonuses such as those from the two rings of wounding ( +2-4 damage each in my case ) , and the amulet of wounding ( +3-6 damage in my case ) that my demon hunter is wearing . so we take the base damage range of 8-41 , and add on two bonuses of 2-4 , and another of 3-6 . we can just add all the minimum and maximum numbers together here , to get 15-55 . remember not to include elemental damage bonuses that are on your weapon - these are already included in the weapons damage range as displayed ! average the two to find a . dual wielders , remember to apply all the appropriate bonuses to both weapons - you will be averaging four numbers if you have two weapons . a = ( 55 + 15 ) / 2 &nbsp ; &nbsp ; = 35 finally , you multiply this by any other percentage modifiers that you might have from talents . we can call these m . my demon hunter does not have any of these as i am set up right now , but if i were to use the archer talent , that'd be a 15% bonus , making ( m = 1.15 ) then we just do some multiplication ! damage = scram 3.14 &times ; 1.025 &times ; 1.64 &times ; 35 = 184.74 we can account for the discrepancy because we took the character sheets word for the weapon speed stat , rather than calculating out the +17% modifier there ourselves . if , instead of using 1.64 , we calculate out the weapon speed ourselves , we get r = 1.638 , and then we see our expected result : 184.52 now , it is important to note that , among other things , this number does not tell you how hard your abilities will hit . what it does give you a ballpark for is , if you fire off the same ability constantly , how much damage will you do ? but what if you do want to know how hard evasive shot will hit ? after all , it does 125% of weapon damage . but what does that mean ? well , we can use our existing variables - we just need to remove c and r from the equation - c is still helpful for getting an idea of how much damage ten evasive shots will do , and r will tell us how fast we can fire them off - both important if we want to know how much damage we can do spamming evasive shot , but to know how hard an individual ability will hit , you can use this formula : ability damage = same where e is the percentage modifier applied to your weapon damage by the ability . for evasive shot , e = 1.25 so , in the case of my evasive shot , i can expect it to hit for an average of 137 damage . so , what is the takeaway from all of this for you ? should you care about maximizing the ' damage ' stat on the character sheet ? the short answer is , for most players in most situations , yes . you can rely on the '+ damage ' comparison tooltip to tell you whether something is an upgrade . the primary edge case where you might need to pay close attention to this is if you get a lot of your damage from an ability that you can not or do not use very often - if you can not spam an ability , r becomes much less important to you , and you should take into account that while the character sheet looks at the rate of fire , you might not care about it so much . in these cases , doing the math yourself might tell you that a slightly lower dps weapon is better - if it hits hard enough to make up for the difference .
i had a quick look over the documentation and i could not find away to do so . you could either request that as a feature here or you could use worldguard to make regions around the towns , then set flags so only the people you specify ( or groups ) are allowed into the area . if you need more help with the second option - pm me on the bukkit forums ( shadrxninga ) .
follower death is handled pretty oddly ; if their health is exhausted due to enemy fire , they just get knocked out . healing them or finishing combat and allowing them to regenerate will bring them back to life . if you kill them due to friendly fire , that is it : they are dead permanently . but there are situations that may cause a follower to die permanently , even after they enter the " knocked out"/"cower " state : if an enemy keeps wailing on them , there is a chance they will die permanently . but it is not guaranteed : looking around online , i have found numerous accounts of lydia or faendal dying easily , but others who swear nothing they do kills them . uesp describes the follower death mechanics as such : when your follower would die to an enemy attack or a trap , they will be incapacitated for some time and begin to recover their health , just like essential npcs ; enemies will stop attacking or targeting them during this time . however , if they lose all their health again during this period , they will die for good . thus , you should try to move the fight away from them , so that they are not hit by a stray arrow or area-effect spell . they can also die if hit with a damage-over-time poison that is stronger than their health recovery . they can also die from enemy power-attacks .
the most important thing to remember is that as long as the big daddy is mobile with a line of sight on you , you are in mortal danger . the trick to bringing down a big daddy is to use whatever means possible to immobilize him . there are various tools you can use to impede his movement , or attacks , and you are going to need to learn to use all of them if you want to bring down big daddies repeatedly . some of the best ones to use are as follows : ice plasmid freezing a big daddy on the spot can give you a chance to get to cover , but also makes it harder to damage them while frozen . hacked turrets a friendly turret will not put up a fight for very long against a big daddy , but it may give you the time you need to get to cover . bee arms the bee arms are one of the best weapons to use against a big daddy . for periods at a time after being unleashed , your bees will swarm the big daddy , causing him to stumble around waving his arms in the air . higher level bee arms will disorient the big daddy for longer periods , as well as deal more damage to him over time . electricity stun while not as effective ( in my opinion ) as the bee arms , this plasmid is available fairly early in the game ( as @ender pointed out ) , and can be very useful for immobilizing big daddies when you need to get to cover . shotgun ( point blank ) a shotgun blast at point blank range will stun the big daddy for a short period of time ; do this repeatedly to deal a ton of damage quickly , then use one of the above techniques to escape . using electric rounds for your shotgun will extend this stun period substantially . trap bolts these are pretty self-explanatory . just use them in doorways and suchlike before getting on a big daddy 's bad side , then get him to run through them . these do a ton of damage , though ammo is rare . another big daddy no , you are not crazy . sometimes , getting two daddies to fight one another is a viable option for bringing the one you initially attacked down to size , but this is not always easy to achieve , nor is it usually terribly safe . of note is the fact that if you pick up a dead rosie type big daddy using telekinesis , it will slowly rotate to upside-down , and you can then stand it on its head with its legs hanging out to the sides . i went on a big daddy killing spree in one section and got a gallery of about six of them posed this way . then one of the character models ' broke ' somehow , and kind of melted into a puddle of boneless big daddy . it was great .
i figured this out . when bodhi vampifies jaheira in the graveyard entrance , jaheira remains in the area as a vampire and joins the rest of the vampires . in my original playthrough , i killed this vampire jaheira with the rest of the vampire party . it turns out that this jaheira in-game " object " is the same jaheira " object " that you get after you perform the ritual , and since i killed it in the graveyard , after the ritual i got it in a dead state . on my next attempt , i tried to just run away from her and go straight for the catacombs . this time , once i tried to resurrect jaheira in the temple of amanuator , an enemy jaheira appeared ( again- retaining the state it had in the graveyard ) , but since her restoration dialogue was immediately initiated , i got her to rejoin the party as an ally .
fortunately , you do not have to worry about your skitty evolving because : pokémon will not evolve while in day care , even if they meet the requirements to .
a land tile may have : a road or railroad ( but not both ) one tile improvement ( farm , mine , trading post , lumber mill , fort , citadel , academy , custom house , etc - options depend on the tile type ) tile improvements cannot be stacked , with one caveat - if a great person builds a tile improvement on a tile , it counts as connecting any strategic resources on that tile to your trade network . for instance , if you build a manufactory with a great engineer in a tile that contains iron , it will give you the iron resource , even though iron normally requires a mine . it does not give you the tile modifier of the improvement , though . so if you build a citadel on iron , you will get the iron , but not the mine production bonus . this caveat is in the game because the strategic resources are not all exposed on the map at the beginning of the game . if you consumed a great person to build a tile improvement , and later that tile was revealed to have a critical strategic resource , you had have to destroy the improvement to get the resource . this would waste your consumption of the great person . luxury resources are visible from the beginning of the game , so there is no such exemption for building great person improvements on luxury resource tiles .
play the game in windowed mode . you can turn this on in the graphical options . this would allow you to have the game maximised ( thus taking up almost all the screen ) but make it easy to minimise the game when necessary .
since team fortress 2 is free to play , and it comes with a training mode ( including bots ! ) , it might work for your situation . you had not only be testing your dpi settings , but you had be practicing in a real game situation . i also found this app , which is more along the lines of a ' move the mouse around to hit little circles ' kind of deal . the app is a bit annoying though , with some loud background music . it still might be quicker than loading up tf2 , or there is some other reason why it is not optimal for your testing needs .
there are two good ways to do this , i call them the gravity method and the fire method . both have been tested in this 8 x 8 area in a shallow river to compare the two : the gravity method use a block affected by gravity ( either sand or gravel ) and fill up the area . do this by quickly placing the blocks in the same spot , while letting them fall to the bottom : repeat this until you have filled the entire area with sand or gravel : dig down to the bottom in one of the corners until you are under a solid block under the gravel : either delete a block under the solid block holding up the gravel and place a torch : destroy the block above the torch and soak up all the dropped blocks : repeat this process until you have emptied the entire area : the fire method this method will only work if the outside barrier of the area is not flammable , otherwise it will make a huge mess . firstly , use flammable blocks to fill the area . i used wool to demonstrate , but a more cost effective option would be to use either wooden planks , or harvest leaves from trees with shears . grab a flint and steel and burn ! ta-da ! notes : after looking at the final results you can see that the gravity method required me to dig deeper than the fire method , therefore taking more time . the fire method was quicker overall ; it took longer to fill the area with blocks , but burnt all of the wool out in about 30 seconds . the fire method was my personal favorite . if you do not want to get wet , the gravity method does not require you to go in the water , otherwise the fire method should dry you out after a refreshing swim . world edit if you have access to worldedit you can select the area using your wand ( //wand ) or by using //pos1 and //pos2 , then using the command //replace water air . this will replace all of the water in the area with air . i tested this command on a beautiful landscape to demonstrate : after the command //replace water air: 1.8 update note : screenshots were taken in snapshot 14w28b . the upcoming 1.8 update brings sponges back to survival mode , creating another option for the removal of water . wet sponges can be obtained in ocean monuments or by defeating the elder guardian , then be dried out in a furnace to get dry sponge . dry sponge will soak up water and turn back into a wet sponge , and can be dried out and reused indefinitely . to test the usability of sponge i created another closed off area , much deeper this time , to test the performance of sponges compared to the other methods stated earlier : the first thing you will notice about the new sponges is that once they are placed , the area they soaked up will fill back up instantly if enough water source blocks are around : just as sponge is placed : after water has refilled : i found that the only way for the sponges to work somewhat effectively was to split the area into sections , using a sponge in each section . the problem with this is that you must do this for each level , which would be very time consuming : it is apparent that sponges are not very good at removing large quantities of water . however they are helpful for emptying small ponds or draining a small room . i would still recommend using either the gravity method or the fire method for larger or deeper areas , as they are quicker and easier than using sponges .
you would need to destroy his old house and build the other one ( he will go to the new house when it becomes night if the distance is not to far ) destroy his old house and build the other one and hope that the same type ( merchant , gun dealer etc . ) will respawn we once had 2 merchants ; when we tried to get a demolitionist , we killed 1 merchant and got another 1 ; after we killed that one , we finally got the demolitionist . p.s. you only need to hammer away the chair and table to destroy his house
for the original dawn of war 2 and the chaos rising expansion the file to be edited is here : My Documents\My Games\Dawn of War 2\Settings\_keydefaults.lua for the retribution expansion the file is here : My Documents\My Games\Dawn of War II - Retribution\Settings\_keydefaults.lua make the edits you want , then rename that to keydefaults.lua and it works !
it varies from system to system as follows ( "manned " or 0 level/1 level/2 level ) engines - increases evasion 5%/7%/10% . shields - increases recharge rate 10%/20%/29% weapons - reduced charge time 10%/15%/19% piloting - increase evasion 5%/7%/10% . also , with no pilot and no auto-pilot you get 0% evasion regardless of the level/power of engines ! melee - increases combat damage , 0/10%/20% repair - increases repair speed 0/10% ? /20% ? ? ( seems likely ) source here , and also from help in the comments .
definition a hitbox is an invisible box-like area that when penetrated , counts as a " hit " . it is different than the model ( the visible character and his colors that you see ) . the hitbox is meant to compensate for lag and movement . when a character is moving , his hitbox is usually farther from the model . when a character is still , his hitbox is located directly on top of his model . contrary to the name , a hitbox is actually composed of several boxes that represent the character 's different areas ( head , arm , torso ) . hitboxes , and you you should definitely know how the hitbox affects you . it is the source of nearly all bizarre " wtf , how did i die ? " , and impossible shots that you see other players making . understanding the hitbox is key to understanding how you die ( and possibly getting better at your game ) . demonstration a picture is worth a thousand words , so here 's an excellent video from team fortress 2: http://www.wegame.com/watch/tf2_hitboxes/ watch how the hitbox moves according to the model , where it moves and when , and lastly , understand where you need to shoot to penetrate that hitbox ( and score ) . illustration below is a picture of hitboxes in counter strike . as these models are sitting still , the hitboxes are right on top of them .
to mute an obnoxious player : hit start ( pause ) select " abstergo agents " on the menu press x on the player you want to mute a symbol should appear by that person 's name indicating they are muted / squelched
same thing . there is a shootout at the bar and everyone gets killed but you . notably , no mention of civilian deaths is ever heard if you decide to leave the church to its fate . end-of-game spoiler : your teammates are not as killed as you think they are .
actually there are some awesome tricks i used to build atlantis on my server--they all stem from the fact that water cannot occupy the same square as anything else . first of all bring a door with you . when you are down there , set it on the ground , open it and step in . you will be in an air bubble . this can be done any time to catch your breath and it is not a bad way to escape from monsters at night . secondly signs , ladders , fence-posts all resist water and can be used as blockers . i played with all these for a while : signs are not stackable , you spend all day running back and forth building them . fence-posts block you so you can not just swim up and down , overall they will work but are unwieldy . the best solution i found was ladders--but place them above your head . you can still jump up and down through them , but if they are at your level you will climb up them every time you move--it is really frustrating ( this is no longer true in the latest version making ladders the clear winner ) . there is a pattern where you have one block above you with ladders on each side , the a " knights move " to the next block with ladders on each side . it makes a good roof with no more blocks than you need . if you want the water to be right over your head in some areas , use signs . the knights move i was referring to is the l shaped move they make in chess . you can make a ceiling of blocks like this : . . . . * . . . . . * . . . . * . . . . . * . . . . * * . . . . * . . . . . * . . . . * . . . . . * . . . . where the "*" are blocks and the " . " are empty space . note that in this pattern , each " . " is adjacent to a * ( and therefore are actually filled with a ladder attached to the * ) .
i have detonated many of my own objects , but i do have a higher celebrity rating ( 5 ) . maybe if you build your celebrity rating before you try to detonate anything else . if you still need scrap , you can buy an inventing workshop and buy scrap , or you can go to the dump and scavenge for scrap in the piles of rubbish .
it is unlocked at rank 42 , captain ( alternate source : ign ) after 1,400,000 points .
on continuation of the game i have discovered that to interact with objects using your gadgets , you must have first scanned/analysed them in detective mode . once you have scanned a bird cage , it will become targetable with your batarangs . this also applies to joker teeth , black mask 's masks , vents , circuit breakers and wooden piles/weak wooden barricades ( with the respective gadgets ) .
to get to level 10 with a weapon , you need to complete the game then import your character on a new playthrough , where you will be able to buy/collect the remaining upgrades . you can upgrade weapons to level 7 at the start of new game plus and you will get 3 automatic levels upon collecting the weapon again in the next playthrough .
if you are on pc , you can use the console to add and remove perks . finding a perk id : help [ name of perk ] 4 help armsman 4 removing a perk player . removeperk [ perk id ] player . removeperk 00079342 adding a perk player . addperk [ perk id ] player . addperk 00079342 notes : you can use the pageup/pagedown keys to scroll the console . use double quotes when searching for a perk with a space : " steel smithing " -yx the uesp has the perk id for all the skills . -mark trapp
it mainly depends on where you play him . in lane , taking phoenix would be counterproductive as tiger gives you better last-hit power and duel power , while phoenix would just push your wave all the time , but i will speak on behalf of jungle udyr : the reason phoenix is better in the jungle is - contrary to the popular belief that tiger stance gives better clear speed with it is synergy with the machete - it scales better with attack speed , and attack speed is what junglers want . phoenix gives you aoe damage on top of your aa damage , with the addition that every 3rd aa as well as the first one on activation will trigger a small aoe nuke . this gives phoenix udyr higher item-less dps , and encourages you to build attack speed to synergize with feral flare , instead of ad to make tiger stance 's dot remotely useful . besides that , you will deal more damage with phoenix waves and aa procs than tiger 's dot and aas thanks to monkey 's agility and udyr 's reactivation cooldown . this benefit also works for ganks assuming the lane has cc ( in addition to red buff and monkey 's agility ms bonus ) as you will land a lot more attacks , while not even needing to attack for the phoenix activation flames to hit for some damage . the difference in jungling speed between phoenix and tiger ( up to the small wraith camp ) is around 10 seconds , as the lack of aoe for clearing camps actually makes you lose a lot of time .
you are overburdened . watch your inventory and what you autopickup -- for example , exclude corpses and statues .
for lower levels balloons can be a great alternative to dragons , but they are not as good at higher levels because they can be killed easily by archers . apart from that wizards can completely demolish a giant and healer strategy with their intense splash damage and they can hide behind walls . archers are good in the fact that they can be protected by your walls while dishing lots of damage . healers are terrible that their splash heal is not effective in defence because they just heal buildings very slowly compared to how much damage the enemy troops will do . make sure to position your clan castle in the center of your base to protect your troops from easily being drawn out and killed . keep in mind that if you use your clan castle well it can completely change the outcomes of defences !
there is no way to do so . even if you navigate to the folder where the game is installed and run it directly , it will start the steam client . the closest you can get is to use the offline mode : offline mode allows you to play games through steam without reconnecting to the steam network every time you wish to play - this is particularly useful if you do not plan on playing over the internet and would prefer not to download new updates for your single-player games . please note that you must connect to the steam network and test each of the games you would like to use in offline mode at least once to set up your account and configure offline mode on your machine .
according to this castlevania wiki article , you should be able to destroy the doll before he is able to place it in the iron maiden : if he is within reach of an iron maiden , he will create a puppet in his hand , the player must strike the doll 3 times in normal mode and more in hard mode before he throws the puppet into the maiden , teleporting the player to that location and doing massive damage in the process .
yes , the spectre shooting range on the citadel . it is directly opposite of udina 's office on the embassy level . the spectre offic is marked ( 3 ) in the map below , just enter there and turn right to get to the shooting range . there is a weapons bench there where you can change your loadout and mod your weapons and three targets you can move to different distances . the three targets are shield , health and armor , so you can check the effect your weapons have on those . you can also try out your powers on the range , though that is only useful for pure damage abilities and less so for other powers . there are three controls on the range , the one on the left lets you change the target distance . with the control in the middle you can get the targets to move near you so you can inspect how well you hit the targets . the control on the right resets the health of the targets .
replay value is simply a generic term for " what could motivate people to play the game again after playing through it once ? " neither the time to play through or the graphics have anything to do with that . examples for factors that add to replay value : branching story where players might play again to experience the other branches . extensive character customization that might get players to try to play through using a different play style , e.g. stealth vs brute force . randomization where players experience only some parts of all that the game might have to offer so they play again to maybe experience the other parts . this can also be randomized item drops in diablo-like games .
because menendez wants mason to suffer like he did after his sister , the sole driving force of his life , was killed .
not all games available on steam work with newer pcs . while some old games " just work " on newer oss , many other games have compatibility issues which make them buggy or unplayable when you do not have the " required " os . for example , the space quest collection has trouble running on vista/7 . i would say that if a game does not state your os specifically , you should probably check for known compatibility issues before buying it , especially since you mention you are using win 8 . an alternative would be good old games , which specifically mention a game 's compatibility with newer oss , if you are unsure whether the steam version is compatible or not , i would go with them .
what you picked up was a miscellaneous objective , bow to the master when you were in the ratway warrens . to complete it , return the bow to dravin . you can find him at the merryfair farm .
you can fight them again in boss survival mode ( finish the game with both characters ) and boss battle mode ( beat boss survival mode ) , where you can choose which boss to fight . the difficulty for boss battle mode is always set to expert , but you will still have your two subtanks . the boss survival mode order is : diaburn -> chronoforce -> rosespark -> condorock -> kaisemine -> bifrost -> tesrat -> argoyle and urgoyle -> atlas -> siarnaq -> thetis -> helios -> model zx -> prometheus and pandora -> albert .
as of today , upgrading multiple streets at the same time is impossible . however , i have heard other people ask the same question , so there is a fighting chance that multiple street upgrades will be added in the future .
according to game director todd howard , there are an unlimited number of dragons .
the main thing to realise here is that you do not have to catch the next eagle in the air . once on the ground avoid other animals until you can catch the next eagle .
the transmuter will take one unsocketed item ( even magic or enchanted ) + 2 gems of equal or greater level ( to the unsocketed item ) to consume the gems and place a socket on the item . as rilgon arcsinh pointed out , there is a small chance for an enchanter to add a socket to an item when asked to enchant it . of course , this will use up one of the limited number of enchants for the item . there is also a named enchanter , jurik the socketer , who is guaranteed to add sockets when asked to enchant an item , up to a maximum of two sockets .
the only way to prevent both corruption and hallow from spreading around your house is to make a wall of clay or ash ( or air ) that is at least 4 blocks thick . there are other blocks that may stop the spread , like dungeon bricks or silver/gold bricks , but none of these have been confirmed , so use them at your own risk . to do this , move away from your house a fair way ( left or right ) and start building a trench that is 4 blocks thick . dig it as far down as you had like ( i would suggest about 30 blocks or so , but any depth is fine ) then begin digging a 4 block high tunnel towards your house , passing under , and continuing for as long as you just dug . then dig upwards with a 4 wide tunnel until you reach the surface . when your trench is done , fill it in with ash or clay ( or at least fill the top of the trench sides in , so that you do not have to jump over the gap ) . i would suggest ash because it is so much easier to harvest a large amount of it easily . the way this works is because hallow and corruption can " jump " 3 blocks to hallow/corrupt any other blocks on the other side . neither can spread through ash or clay or air though , so it will not be able to reach your house . what you will be left with is an " island " of sorts made of regular dirt and stone , surrounded by hallow and corruption . this will prevent harder monsters from spawning at least for a bit away from your house . keep in mind though that the hallow and corruption will spread completely around you , including through your mining shaft if you built one under your house . it should not spread up your shaft if you built the clay/ash through the shaft ( minus the actual shaft of course ) , but you will have underground corruption/hallow underneath your house at whatever depth you decided to dig your clay wall down to . with all of that said though , you should be safe from monster spawns if you have all the npc 's even if corrputon/hallow has spread all the way through your house , but harder mobs will start spawning much closer to your house when you stray away from your npcs . this can become a problem if there is corruption close by , as the corruptor 's projectiles can convert blocks to corruption blocks . my advice is to build the island , and then plant hallowed seeds on either side of the island so that you do not have to worry about corruptors .
your design is capable of causing the pistons to act as buds because the redstone underneath the pistons are powering the blocks underneath them , which are in the correct position to indirectly power the pistons in the level below them . i do not see any way to fix your design to eliminate the problem while still keeping the same overall layout unless you go back to using tripwires .
the best way to level up is easily to perform jobs . rockstar patched the ability to replay missions , so i would recommend doing either races or survival . try out this quick race for farming levels : settings type : race laps : 1 map : criminal records vehicle : motorcycles time to complete this takes about 30 seconds and you will get about 800 xp . each wave of survival you will earn about 1000 rp per wave when you play alone .
the 10 additional cards can only be unlocked via a promo code . fortunately , they are only a google search away . to unlock , go to the player status screen and enter the codes .
one thing that is very important in hell is fire resistance . the fire traps in gehennom are particularly nasty because , unlike normal fire traps , they decrease your maximum hp unless you are resistant . you should also fireproof your armor ( by reading a scroll of enchant armor while confused for example ) and put all items that could burn or boil into a bag , so they will not be damaged or destroyed . as to the level drainers : the best defense against level drain attacks is magic cancellation . if you have an item which offers level 3 magic cancellation , this will cause drain attacks to fail in most cases , making level drainers much more harmless . for fighters it is also a good idea to have a silver saber as those are especially effective against demons and the undead ( well , most undead - zombies do not care , but zombies are not really dangerous at this stage anyway ) . also note that you can eat wraith corpses to gain levels . general things you should do before you enter the end game : get your naked ac down to 2 or lower with divine protection ( you can get it down to 0 quite easily via donations ) . have magic resistance and reflection . be fast ( or preferably very fast ) make sure all of your stats ( except charisma ) are close to or at their maximum enchant most of your armor to +4 or +5 . if you are a fighter , enchant your weapon to +6 or +7 . if you are a caster make sure that all your important spells are recent in your memory or you have the spellbook in your bag of holding . you do not want to forget magic missile while battling the wizard or death . make sure you have a means to detect portals ( not important in hell , but once you leave the dungeons , that is gonna come in handy and you do not want to have to go searching for gold detection scrolls after you have woken the wizard ) . you should also have a reliable way to cure sickness ( blessed unicorn horn or cure sickness spell ) as there will be a couple of enemies who can make you terminally ill .
there is no difference in damage from where you aim , with the exceptions of headshots for certain weapons . your example with the heavy , aiming for the head will not make a difference , what does make a difference in a lot of weapons ' damage though is the distance of fire . the closer to are to the opponent the more damage you will do . of course , this means they are closer and can do more damage to you as well , but this is why ambushing and surprise are always good ideas .
unlike in oblivion , you can stack skills over 100 with a combination of enchanting and alchemy . you can easily wind up with something like this : there is not enough recursion within the enchanting / alchemy skills to increase arbitrarily high , but you can definitely get some pretty nuts items regardless .
additional abuse of google ( and assistance from shinrai ) shows that there is not a barber yet but that there are plans to add one sometime after the launch . running around the three major cities i have found a barber shop that is ' under construction': so it would seem that yes there will be at some point . looks like it will come in three parts : a barbershop , a tattooist , and some kind of appearance changing cosmetic surgeon of some description .
a metagame for any game is the way that the game is played . knowing the metagame is not just knowing the mechanics of the game , but knowing what to expect your opponent to do . it is the relative frequency of each possible tactic , maneuver , build , etc . one of the easiest to understand examples of this is with collectible card games like magic : the gathering and hearthstone : heroes of warcraft . knowing the metagame in a collectible card game is knowing what styles of decks you might come up against . for example in magic if your opponent plays an island on turn one , are they attempting to lock you down , draw you out , make evasive creatures , or any variety of things blue magic players can do ? you do not know if you do not know the metagame . in starcraft , for a more localized example , protoss should wall off against zerg , but not against protoss or terran . zerg might 6-pool , and if you do not wall off then your opponent is probably going to beat you . as protoss continues to wall off and 6-pools continue to be ineffective , zerg players might stop using that strategy . as zerg players stop 6-pooling , protoss players might not wall off as often , making the 6-pool effective again . you have to know the current mindset of other players to make the optimal play . that is the metagame . the metagame is always evolving for any game , so you have to keep playing or reading about your game to keep up with the current metagame .
generally , the way to get artifact level blueprints is to craft and reverse-engineer the existing crafted items to get first blue , then purple recipes . unfortunately , the does not seem to be green or blue blueprints for the mod items at mark 30 or higher . the only way i can see getting them is acquiring underworld ( rating 168 ) gear tokens , and then removing and reverse engineering the components you want from them ( each re has a 20% chance of granting the schematic ) . there is also the option of doing level 55 hm flashpoints , and spending the elite commendations you get there on similiar verpine items with the modifications . you can see a list of what items have an advanced might hilt 31 here .
try adding my ram to the launcher . click options at the top and drag the ram slider : i believe unleashed requires at least 2.5gb ram to work properly and recommends at least 3 . do not drag it above 4 , as it will mess with java . also make sure you have 64-bit java on a windows computer ( this does not matter on osx ) . i also suggest switching to the direwolf20 ( dw20 ) 1.6.4 pack as it uses a newer version of minecraft , has updated mods and is slightly moer optimized .
a workshop allows you to convert common , otherwise useless materials such as rotten logs and scrap metal into more rare materials that can be used towards building up construction sites , such as twisted planks and wrought iron . without a workshop , you will struggle to find these materials and you will be unable to make the defenses your town needs to survive for a decent amount of time . the workshop can also be upgraded with some defenses of its own , such as the screaming saws , which offer 40 extra defense for your town . finally , the workshop can be used to open those closed cans without a can opener , allowing for more food rations to be obtained easily . particularly because of the fact that it makes it easier to build everything else in the game , the workshop should always be built first . it is your number one priority in a new town ( along with a tent for defense ) .
you do not need any mod to do that , you just need to start a custom game : you can then select the number of opponents , their leader and civilisation and setup teams , among many other options .
the only way to do person to person trading is to use the mailing system . this is a deliberate decision to encourage the use of the cross-server trading post ( auction house ) , to discourage people standing around in common areas shouting " want to buy/sell/trade " , and also to discourage the likelihood of players getting scammed through those player trades . face-to-face player trading is not in game and will not be in the game at launch . in a fansite interview with colin johanson , the lead content designer , he stated the following , emphasis mine : how has player to player trade been improved ? colin told us about the marketplace . in the marketplace the player has the ability to not only buy and sell items like a traditional auction house , but also place “wanted” ads in there stating which item they’d like and for what price . in this system a seller can activate the ad and the transaction will automatically occur with both items being removed from the two players inventories . similarly , personal player to player trade can be done through the in-game mail system ( see above question for details ) . unfortunately , there is no face-to-face trade ( ala gw1 ) in the game at launch . as of release , there is no cod for mailing , which means it is still possible to be scammed through mail trading .
the only thing new in okami hd is the updated graphics . here you can see a comparison of the two , starting at around the two minute mark . okami sd vs okami hd
while you are holding shift to sneak , press the alt key once . this will return control to your mouse pointer , and when you click on the game window again , you will be permanently crouched until you press shift again . this only works in windowed mode - there is currently no way to toggle crouch in fullscreen . notch has , however , expressed interest in adding sneak toggle capability .
it does not matter so much for holy paladins , being more of interest to ret and prot paladins but here is a break-down of how it works , with holy-specific information beside it . holy power is somewhat similar to rogue combo points in that they build up over time if certain abilities are used , to a maximum of three charges . for holy paladins , these points are generated by holy shock and , if you have the talent tower of radiance , direct healing the target of your beacon of light . you can use these charges to enable or boost some skills . holy paladins would be most interested in word of glory , an instant heal that heals for some total based off how many holy power charges you currently have . this mechanic is a lot more useful for ret paladins , who i think it is mainly aimed at . they can charge it using crusader strike ( for a guaranteed change ) or , if they have the divine purpose talent ( which they should ) , have a 40% chance of getting charges from just about any ret skill , i.e. judgement , exorcism , templar 's verdict , divine storm , inquisition , holy wrath and hammer of wrath . they can then use it to charge their divine storm ( aoe damage ) , templar 's verdict ( single target damage ) or inquisition ( holy damage boost ) , or word of glory if they want/need a quick heal . prot gains holy power from crusader strike and hammer of the righteous , and mainly use their charges on shield of the righteous , though word of glory is obviously also an option for them as well for a quick self-heal .
no , you can not voice chat between xbox one and 360 . there was a q and a session with microsoft on ign in august when this was confirmed : is there cross-console party chat ? i.e. since it’s all “xbox live , ” can people on xbox 360s party chat with their friends on xbox one ? whitten : for a variety of technical reasons – including the sound quality that i talk about below – we don’t support voice chat between the two systems . you will still be able to send and receive text messages to friends on both systems , however . this does not say anything about joining parties across consoles , however given that cross-console voice chat does not work i would not expect to be able to join parties across consoles either . you can send text messages across consoles , however .
the short answer , no class beats any other class 100% of the time . decks can vary a lot even within one class . the long answer , know the skills of every class . they all have things they are better and worse at doing . here are some topics to think about how they rate : card draw , tempo , direct damage , control ( minion kill ) , control ( aoe damage ) , speed , late game finishers , consistency . the classes druid masters of stalling . they have solid late game and a mix of heals and card draw . they make good counters to rush decks because of the amount of cost effective taunts available . their weakest point is the first few turns , but that can be circumvented with innervates and neutral minions . their cards have a lot of " choose option 1 or option 2" which make them more versatile than most other classes , so they have fewer weaknesses , but they are also not a direct counter to any class either . druids tend to be more " jack of all trades , master of none " . probably one of the most balanced classes , but that makes them tend to be more difficult to play as well because there are more choices . hunter strong early game . they have potential for mid-game play with the change to unleash the hounds . they tend to be weaker in the late game but they tend to do well in arena using a control archetype . ( i went 2/3 and 3/3 my first two times with aggro hunter in arena and have gone 7/3 and 7/3 my last two times with control hunter ) . hunter 's aoe is not the strongest so they can die to swarm decks , and they also tend to be weaker to aoe due to the amount of cheap class-specific minions . mage masters of direct damage . they also have strong control in early game . the amount of direct damage they can due makes them a huge threat to warlocks . also very good vs rogues , paladins , and warriors who do damage to themselves with weapons to clear minions and do not have a lot of healing . when playing against a mage , do not over-commit to the board ( do not play out your entire hand ) because it is likely they will be able to wipe the board once or twice and you will need to refill . paladin masters of minion efficiency . the ability to drop 1/1 's all the time and use effects like blessing of might and blessing of kings to buff them for very cost effective trades helps to create card advantage . additionally , argent protector can create huge tempo swings with his shield . paladins tend to be more suseptible to aoe removal . priest masters of the late game . the ability to heal minions allows priests to start gaining card advantage on the board around turn 4 . they have a lot of ability to draw cards and stall with their healing . they are weakest against fast decks . i would say one of the worst things to see is a rogue coin into defias ringleader turn 1 against you because of the amount of pressure you will be under from that point on . rogue masters of tempo . rogues can push a lot of damage into an opponent 's health early in the game and they have cost efficient direct damage . rogues are weak against decks with strong early game control ( like mage ) because they can easily stall out vs control . shaman while the randomness of their ability makes them one of the most unreliable , they do have some very solid removal cards . their ability to play under-costed cards with overload is both a blessing and a curse . a turn 5 earth elemental can be super effective if not answered , but if it is hit by a strong removal it becomes a huge tempo loss ( polymorph , hex , shadowword death , assassinate , mind control if late game , naturalize , sap ) . shaman is more inconsistent than most other classes because with overload you are investing a lot more resources into each card . bigger upsides and downsides to each play typically . warlock masters of tempo . warlocks ability keeps them on top of the chart for tempo . if they do not take a lot of damage early in the game , their ability will regularly win them games at the end . warlocks are weak against any and most classes that can put out a lot of damage fast . due to their lack of healing , they pretty much have to rely on being faster to kill their opponent ( stalling is generally not an option ) . warrior masters of direct damage . not in the same way as the mage with spells , but warriors have the most charge and some of the best weapons for direct aggression . their ability to generate armor also should be thought of like a heal , but better . they can draw a moderate amount of cards and use that to maintain tempo . overall , quite well rounded . edit : i removed the link to hearthstats because the link to the current month 's report will continue to change each month .
the helmet in question is the blades helmet : it is all black with three gold claw like things trailing back down the helmet originating from one point in the dead center of the crown of the helmet . helmets similar to your initial description that also appear on loading screens are : the jagged crown ( left ) and the drangonscale helmet ( right ) .
essentially , when you deal autoattack damage to a champion , you deal an additional 8% of their current hp as physical damage . so if an enemy champion has 1000 hp , you will deal ( atk ) + ( 1000 * . 08 ) physical damage to that champion ( reduced by armor , normally ) . this effect wont occur on the same target quicker than once every 6 seconds , but you can rapidly switch targets with your autoattack and get that benefit on them over and over again , since it is a cooldown based per target , and not jarvan himself .
you need to extend the light so it travels through every stone
for the small groups of 3 dots , you will want to line yourself up so you are perfectly in the middle of them . by the time they are finished rotating , they will be lined up to hit your paddle . for the longer ones , which you are having the most trouble with , what you will have to do is move your paddle so it is lined up to hit the point that is angled closest to you . i have circled which block you will want to aim for in the picture below . then you should quickly move your paddle in the direction of the rest of the block . i tried to take successive screenshots of this occurring , but it is really hard to because of the slight delay . here 's a shot of me in the middle of doing this with the longer block lines . again , i aimed for the block that was coming in closest to me ( the circled one ) then moved my paddle quickly in the direction of the rest of the line . i marked where you should aim to hit the incoming lines , assuming they would not rotate more before they got to you ( which they likely would , but just to be clear ) . i marked the rows i have already hit that are moving away from me with blue arrows . it might take some practice , but you should be able to stay out of the nether once you get the hang of it .
from diablo 3 formula list elemental damage reduction = resistance / ( 5 × monster level + resistance ) just a quick sanity check on your example , since your level is 34 ( thus it assumes your going up against level 34 monsters ) : r = 80 / (5 * 34 + 80) r = 0.32  ( i imagine the 0.07% error is due to rounding on their side ) what can we learn from this ? the higher your level , the more resistance you need to achieve the same reduction in damage and each point of resistance goes further at a lower level than a higher one . e.g. at level 60 ; r = 80 / (5 * 60 + 80) r = 0.21  sources of resistance resistance from intelligence : resistance = int * 0.1  there is also flat +resistance on gear ( as +resist all or +resist element )
steam will not let you buy the same product twice ( without it being a gift ) . for your particular case with the with the potato sack pack containing things you already own , on the product listing it mentions : about this game already own one or more of the games in this pack ? not to worry , you can give your extra copy of any game in this pack to a friend . extra copies are essentially the same as gifts , and you can freely give them to whomever you want . the recipient need not have a steam account , the email steam sends will instruct them how to make an account . however , you are by no means guaranteed to get extra copies when you purchase a pack containing games you own ; the steam kb mentions extra copies are not given in most cases . only titles purchased in special promotions as outlined below are eligible for giftable extra copies it lists a few ( orange box , l4d packs , dawn of war ii ) , but obviously if the product page explicitly mentions so , then that would take precedence . additionally , the cost of a pack is not prorated , regardless of you already owning some parts of it . in order to gift the spare copies , in the steam client go to games > > manage gifts and guest passes . . . there it will list all the extra copies you have to give , and gifts you have given that have been redeemed ( or not ) .
check out skinedit , which will let you edit and view your skin in 3d without constraints . it works for all platforms that support java : os x , windows , linux , etc . when you download it , you will get a jar file , skinedit . jar : you should be able to just double-click on it to launch it . once loaded , just click and drag on the model in the bottom-right corner to pan around and see your skin in action .
you can have 10 characters per server . in addition , they can be any mix of hardcore and non-hardcore characters . i am assuming 10 was chosen so that you can theoretically have 5 non-hardcore characters and 5 hardcore characters . also , characters will not expire .
as far as i can tell , they are for tagging to make it easier to clarify which enemy you are targeting ( this is primarily useful in groups against raid content , obviously ) . the letter keeps looping a-z while the group structure you are in remains unchanged ; joining a group or adding a new member to the group resets the count . ( not 100% sure about the last one ; will test it out when i get home , assuming the server lets me in . . . )
one is found in the priory , in vernan 's hideout . given to brother arnand and does not count towards the quest ! another one is found as part of no harm , no foul , a quest given by kunnari in amber creek . 3rd piece can be found as part of runaway cattle , a quest given by audmund at audmund 's farm , south of amber creek on the other side of the mountain . 4th piece can be found as part of dread aura , a quest given by klara in amber creek inn . last piece can be found as part of deadliest catch , a quest given by galen at falskaar docks .
it can not be done . the limits on trading are as follows : generation 1 ( red/blue/green/yellow ) ↑↓ both directions generation 2 ( gold/silver/crystal ) x trade impossible generation 3 ( ruby/sapphire/emerald/firered/leafgreen ) ↓ one-way only generation 4 ( diamond/pearl/platinum/heartgold/soulsilver ) ↓ one-way only , no items generation 5 ( black/white ) ↓ one-way only , no items pokémon bank ↑↓ both directions generation 6 ( and later* ) ( x/y ) there are three main reasons you can not trade between gen i/ii and gen iii : the pokémon data format changed significantly in gen iii , so the two are incompatible . the gba link cable uses a different voltage to the gameboy link cable . even though a gba can play old gameboy games , it uses different circuitry than when playing gba games , so the games ' link cable functionalities are fundamentally incompatible . even if these were not an issue , nintendo never released a product that allowed trade from one to the next . * ( trading with pokémon bank is supposed to work with all future generations , although no specifics are known )
fists , as you already said , are not that useful for silent attacks . you get the wingstick early in the game , a boomerang-like quick use silent item . when you complete a quest that has you go to wellspring and then back to the first town you will get the striker crossbow , which is a silent primary weapon ( dan hagar even mentions this when he gives it to you ) .
just throw splash potions of instant health , that should do the trick .
once you have set the clock at the beginning of a new game , it cannot be changed ( without some sort of save-game editor or gameshark-esque device ) . i really wish they had put this in with the berry glitch patch .
yes ! aim for the head ( or head-analogues ) ! one of the loading screen tips alludes to this directly , but there are half a dozen other clues that you get bonus damage depending on where you shoot - the equipment which " increases headshot damage by x%" , for one , and the multiplayer kill achievement for another . perhaps most viscerally , scoring a solid headshot on a humanoid opponent will cause their helmet to explode in a brief fountain of gore . so aim for the head !
once you take a mission the level for that mission is set in stone . however all missions after that mission and missions you have not taken yet will continue to scale as high as they are set to scale . see this answer for dlc level ranges in playthrough 1 ; most max around 30 . in playthrough 2 the dlcs will max at 50 , which is also your max level . since you are already at the end of the main storyline you will probably just want to start playthrough 2 before doing the dlcs .
items that provide " team support " . wards oracle 's extract/elixir items that grant an aura to allies or a debuff to nearby enemies this is so that ( 1 ) people know that you are spending money for the team and ( 2 ) so that your allies do not double up on an aura item accidentally .
as of minecraft 1.3 , singleplayer and multiplayer have been merged , so you can switch your gamemode with the /gamemode command : /gamemode survival /gamemode creative /gamemode adventure you can abbreviate the modes . for example , typing /gamemode c for creative works as well . you can only do this if you have not disabled cheats during world generation , though . if you turned cheats off and still want to do it for whatever reason : the game mode is stored in the level.dat file , which can be edited using an nbt editor , such as nbtexplorer . the game mode is stored in Data/GameType .
at this time , there are no other known differences ( other than cosmetic things like how people address you ) . of course , a week ago we did not know about the scaling differences either . but until someone proves me wrong , nothing else is different .
in many cases , yes . there is no " save screenshot to sd card " feature in the 3ds as of right now . some games allow you to take pictures under certain conditions ( the camera man in pokémon xy , the camera in pilotwings resort , pressing l + r in animal crossing new leaf , etc . ) , but this differs from game to game . with the miiverse , however ( which was added to 3ds in a firmware update ) , you can post whatever is on screen at the time if that particular game has a miiverse community ( and you are able to bring up the home menu , of course ) - and then only in that particular community . after posting a screenshot on miiverse , you can then access the image via wii u , 3ds or the miiverse site .
there is a wall near the coffin where a word is glowing . you have to walk close to it , the screen will get dark until only the word is visible . you will then receive a message saying that you acquired a new shout . then , the boss will leave the coffin behind you and start to attack you . kill him and make sure to loot his corpse if you do not want to come back later . you can now exit the cave and return the claw .
once you officially join the thieves ' guild , you will be able to pick up additional jobs from devin mallory and vex : they will assign you one of seven types of random quests for you to do . one of the quests , the numbers job , will task you with forging/modifying a random business ledger throughout the world . that is what you need them for . outside of that , they are not used .
you must press the " activate " button while the shout is selected in the menu ( its " r " on pc ) . your available dragon souls are displayed at the bottom right . you must ofc first learn a new word of a shout before you can apply the soul . ( these are found in the stone walls in the whole world )
well , when it comes to this kind of questions , the best way is to try . . . and the answer is yes . p.s. no mooshrooms were harmed when conducting this experiment .
the short answer is no , you can obtain the materia by other means outside of fort condor . as far as winning it at fort condor , you can lose the mini-game , but must defeat the boss ( cmd . grandhorn ) at the end of it . caution : may contain spoilers for those wishing to figure this out on their own . from the wiki : phoenix materia is obtained at fort condor if cid and the party manage to protect the huge materia inside from shinra . if they do so , the condor sitting atop the fort dies and its baby hatches . during the condor 's death the fiery wings of a phoenix are seen , and afterwards a phoenix materia can be found lying on the floor near the nest . if the player loses to the boss fought atop fort condor after failing the minigame to protect the fort , they will not obtain phoenix , but it can still be dug from bone village after the event . if you miss out on the phoenix materia at fort condor , here is how you can obtain it : you can obtain it by digging at bone village from location 4 on the map below . more details can be found about bone village on the ff7 wiki .
what happens if a full team leaves the game the game keeps going , 0v5 . the opposing team will just have to destroy your nexus to end the game . you can see this in the following pro match , where one of the teams decided to surrend before the 20 minutes mark , having had a really bad early game : what happens if all players in the game leave this one may be a bit trickier to answer , as there is no mean to trace the game once all player left . based on the behavior if a full team leaves , i guess the game would still continue , until one of the team has his minions destroying the ennemy nexus ( which will happen at one point , try it in a custom game ) . as suggested by lyrion , it seems that if all 10 players are disconnected from a game ( or leave the game on purpose ) , they will not be able to reconnect . this could imply that the game has been ended . however , this observation was made in a custom game , and this behavior may be specific for these games .
there is a terminal on the docks : refugee level that you need to access .
treats do not have an impact on stats gained after metamorphosis . the stat bonus from treats is a static bonus ( up to a max of 50 stat points ) and this carries over between metamorphosis . levelling a familiar to max level for it is current form before you metamorphose will guarantee the best possible stat growth for that given familiar .
strength - dudley : year 1 level 1 . alternatively , use the super-strength red brick found in hogwarts . dark magic - bellatrix ( azkaban ) : year 7 part 2 , while exploring hogwarts between missions she in the air over the field near hagrid 's house . use the pink platform with hermione to get the pumpkincopter , then use it to fly around and get bellatrix . key - mrs . cole : year 7 part 2 . use dark magic in the diner kitchen to unlock her .
tl ; dr : on normal , scarlett 's and torgue 's campaigns are supposed to be taken alongside the main quest , at any point since level 15 . hammerlock 's and tina 's - after the main quest . on tvhm and uvhm - any campaign at any point . campaign dlcs scale to player 's level when you first visit them , but with restrictions in normal and tvhm . these are : normal : captain scarlett and her pirate 's booty - levels 15 to 30 . mr . torgue 's campaign of carnage - levels 15 to 30 . sir hammerlock 's big game hunt - levels 30 to 35 . tiny tina 's assault on dragon keep - levels 30 to 35 . true vault hunter mode : all dlc scales up to level 50 . upper bounds is what i observe when returning my level 50 from tvhm . lower bounds are what i see when jumping there with a level 8 character . big game hunt and dragon keep are the ones definitely designed to be taken after the main quest - other two are actually a breeze if you are level 33-34 after the main quest , and especially when you complete them at 36-38 . side note : mr . torgue 's campaign of carnage is not similar to mad moxxi 's underdome riot - it is not a ladder of lots of rounds on a few arenas . it is what underdome should have been - a full-sized quest line built around a tournament and several arena ( and non-arena ) battles ( and non-battles ) .
the tier list is a classification system that describes the relative success rates of characters in most fighting games , when played by computer or high-level players competitively . it should be noted that tiers only effect two people facing each other of equal skill . tier lists tend to change over time when new strategies and such are found for fighters , so there is truly no " final " version of a tier list . there have been many massive debates regarding the legitimacy of tiers , and if they truly even exist in street fighter . source ( many interesting things here )
this is possible , but only with a 3rd job slot available . there is no ability to swap jobs directly between bitizens but it is possible to take one bitizen and reassign it to another job ( and paying the salary , of course ) . to swap bitizen a who has job x with bitizen b who has job y : move bitizen a from job x to job z . move bitizen b from job y to job x . move bitizen a from job z to job y .
augments are gained from slicing . they can not be bought from vendors , but you should find plenty of them on the gtn thanks to slicings popularity . as to what they are ? well , as you have noticed , they are an item modification slot that is only found on crafted items . they are added when a companion ' crits ' on their crafting task , and are the key means by which crafted items differentiate themselves as superior to drops or the stuff you might get from a vendor or a quest reward .
you have to wait till it is dawn/dusk . the guard shifts change at dawn and dusk in the game . at this point , the borgia captain who ran away comes back . there is no fixed time in the real world for dawn or dusk to take place as it fluctuates in the game . but you will obviously know when dawn/dusk does happen in the game ( as the color of the sky changes ) and thus you can complete/abandon what you are doing and go burn that tower !
i do not think there is a way to clear the memory , but you do not have to worry about it being too full to learn new recipes . the worktable remembers the last 8 recipes it was used to manufacture . so if you were to create an item not in its memory , it would keep the last 7 recipes and drop the 8th . if you want to start creating other items , but do not want to lose a recipe being stored in the worktable 's memory , you can right-click the recipe to " lock " it and prevent it from being bumped off by newer items .
this is a known issue with ac2 running on multicore cpus . if you suffer from this bug , you need to set the game 's cpu affinity to limit it to 2 cores . to do so , open the task manager after launching the game , find AssassinsCreedIIGame.exe in the task manager 's processes tab right click it , click on set affinity and uncheck all but 2 items in the list . you can also launch the game with the correct affinity settings set every time by creating a custom shortcut . make a shortcut to AssassinsCreedIIGame.exe , then edit its target to be C:\Windows\System32\cmd.exe /c start /affinity 5 AssassinsCreedIIGame.exe ( /affinity 5 sets cpu affinity to cpu 0 + cpu 2 ) . if the issue persists , or if you are encountering it on a dualcore system , you can set cpu affinity to only 1 core ; in this case replace /affinity 5 with /affinity 1 or /affinity 2 in your shortcut if you choose to make one .
upgrading only applies to a full health sword . might not be as noticeable but each star will give it more length/size/damage . also , each sword has different aspects that can be upgraded . really without following a guide your best bet is just to stick to one sword that you upgrade until you find a lot more powerful one .
it adds more jobs and layovers . this way an airport is more profitable . i think you can upgrade three times , but i am not sure about that .
black rarity is apparently a hack that was supposedly patched a very long time ago . it was never an intended part of the game though , played over 300 hours since launch . they are not drops .
from what you say , i understand that you open torchlight shortcut and then it opens steam . if this is the case , you should open steam separately and leave it online , then open the desired game ( torchlight 2 in your case ) and it should work fine . if it goes offline mode on its own it is a network issue and you should check your internet connection . edit : i thought it is obviously that those issues are the result of a poor internet connection . perhaps you can try : exit steam . delete everything from steam folder except steamapps folder and steam.exe file . relaunch steam and it will make all the updates again ( it will take a while ) and check if it acts the same . try a complete reinstall or steam ( you can save the steamapps folder somewhere on your hdd so that you do not have to download every game again or lose save games etc . other than that it is purely an internet issue .
a knife or a bomb . unless you wish to shoot , then a tec 9 or five seven terrorists counter terrorists from here
talk to isabelle at the counter and choose " problematic citizens . " this will allow you to choose the neighbor , then give you some options . the options are : " his ( her ) language is rude . " this resets their greeting and catch phrase . " his ( her ) clothes are wrong . " this randomly changes their clothes " he ( she ) has a naughty letter . " i am not sure what this option does . deletes the letter i guess . also , when you put things up for sale at re-tail , your neighbors will occasionally come in to the shop when you are there . they will randomly select an item which will be announced by the alert sound and surprise lines over their head . you can influence them to purchase what they are looking at . if you have clothes in re-tail , that is another possible way for them to change their clothes .
i do not have the game here right now , but i assume that a block will glide when pushed until it hits something . let 's name the four blocks a , b , c , d ( from left to right ) going from these assumptions the following steps are needed . bold steps place a block on it is final place b down b left d up a up a right a down d right c up c right d down d left all blocks are now aligned with the indications .
long story short ? no . forestry relies on buildcraft being present .
for protoss you have to make excellent use of sentries to delay your enemy . if possible , try to split his army in two with force field ( s ) and take on that half by itself with your zealots , sentries , and stalkers . you will not be able to take him in a head-on fight as marines/marauders dominate your t1 units . use this delaying tactic to get a few immortals as soon as possible and transition into colossus with the range upgrade . the splash damage is very effective against the tightly clumped bio ball , while immortals can take many hits from siege tanks . use blink stalkers to get close to the tanks and focus them down . note that once you have a few colossi , your opponent will usually get a few vikings to counter them , but focus them down quickly with your stalkers . honestly , it is a very difficult thing to beat as protoss if your opponent is of better or equal skill , especially since you have to tech to very expensive units just to counter his ( mostly ) t1 army . you will just have to delay and outplay them and not make any mistakes , and make sure you are very proficient with your force field and guardian shield usage . another option is to go high templars with psionic storm and feedback on the medivacs , but i rarely go this route as it is too gas-intensive and higher level terran players will just use ghosts which nullify high templars with their emp ability ( removes all energy and 100 shield points ) . not to mention if your clump of high templars goes within range of a siege tank you are dead meat .
handicap reduces the hp of your buildings and units to be the specified percentage of its full value . for protoss units and buildings , both the hp and shields are reduced to that percentage . so setting it at 90% means that a 150 hp unit will become a 135 hp unit ( 10% less ) . setting it at 50% on a probe means that probe will have 10 hp and 10 shields . in cases where the result is a fraction , it is rounded up . here 's a marine with 80% handicap value ( and the nearby command center has 1200 hp ) :
the pig king does not accept gravedigger items that are used in recipes , including red and blue gems , as well as nightmare fuel , gears and amulets . only items that are not used in recipes ( labelled in the wiki as trinkets ) , like gnomes , marbles , etc . are accepted by him .
when you prestige all of your completed challenges ( except lifetime/career challenges ) are reset . there is no history of completed challenges , and you literally start from scratch . all challenges will pay out again when completed ( both experience and money ) and a special ' prestige ' challenge category is opened up . here is a list of what you keep/lose when you prestige
i have made a pure mage ( high elf ) with just using destruction for damage , but here are a few pointers : yes , join the college asap . by the way you can get a carriage from the whiterun stables to winterhold for some gold ( 50 ) , so thats as good as fast travel . you can get a nice spell like summon flame atronach for only 30 gold while joining the college . ( i do not want to spoil it too much for you ) get the impact perk from destruction if thats your only source of damage ( it is for me ) my mage build and a small discussion about is at this link ( there might be small spoilers ) , hope this helps
no ; redstone can be used to emulate logic gates , not electrical components . there is no analog to any electrical component , nor any use for them . if what you want is to slow down/delay the signal ( which is not what resistors do ) , you can use a redstone repeater .
kormac the templar strengths good support character for higher difficulties , ranged classes , or while initially learning the game . can heal and taunt from the player when they are at low health . decent tank , as he can be equipped with one handed weapons and a shield in addition to rings and amulet . can provide good dps through the use of items that give " thorns " type damage on hit , as he will charge into the thick of combat and be hit by packs of enemies . level 20 " inspire " ability helps with resource regeneration for the player , leading to more opportunities for ability use weaknesses susceptible to being surrounded and killed fairly easily if not geared properly . his charge in and hack style gets him killed a lot by high difficulty elites . not a particularly good direct damage dealer suggested follower for : demon hunter , wizard , witch doctor , though he is a very useful follower for any class at more difficult stages . suggested gear stats : vitality , strength , " thorns " type damage on being struck in melee please note : follower stats are increased by a 2.5x multiplier on the 4 base stats , as denoted in this post . therefore , it is worthwhile to give followers items that increase these stats primarily . lyndon the scoundrel strengths good ranged support character for melee classes , has decent crowd control ability offensively focused , can deal more direct damage than the templar and enchantress good survival ability , high dexterity boosts his dodge chance and helps him avoid taking damage . level 15 " vanish " ability allows him to drop aggro and heal himself . can provide a boost to critical hits using either of his level 25 abilites " anatomy " or " hysteria " depending on preference witty and humorous , making his dialogue more interesting than other followers weaknesses not extremely durable if he gets cornered crowd control abilities are inferior to those of the classes he is ideally supporting like the enchantress , is prone to pulling groups before a player is ready suggested follower for : barbarian at early difficulties where templar healing is not necessary , monk at all difficulties . suggested gear stats : dexterity , vitality , +damage , +atkspd , crit% eirena the enchantress strengths good ranged support character for melee classes , has excellent crowd control ability good balance of support spells and damage dealing can buff the attack speed of the hero her charm ability even works on elites ( non-boss ) , which will completely incapacitate them for a short time or turn them against their allies . very helpful on high difficulties . high intelligence allows good mitigation of ranged attacks weaknesses not durable , but can generally get out of trouble with excellent crowd control ability damage is inferior to scoundrel , and can also be inferior to a properly geared templar like the scoundrel , will pull sometimes before player is ready suggested follower for : barbarian at early difficulties where templar healing is not necessary , monk at all difficulties , witch doctor at any difficulty . suggested gear stats : intelligence , vitality , +damage , +atkspd basically you should pick the follower to support your playstyle . i personally prefer to have the templar following me just about everywhere as i can count on him for an emergency heal and taunt when i get in trouble , he also provides increased resource regeneration so i can use my skills more often . however , there are obvious benefits at lower difficulties to use the scoundrel , where a tank type may not be as necessary and the direct dps increase helps get through mobs quicker . the enchantress can also be a good choice due to her cc ability in late difficulties where you do not want to get overwhelmed by numbers . this guide is current as of patch 2.0/reaper of souls
if you have a copy of windows xp lying around , you can simply copy the " c:\program files\windows nt\pinball " folder in its entirety to anywhere on your windows 7 machine and run pinball . exe . no compatibility mode needed . this is very easy if you have windows xp mode installed . i just tested this on my windows 7 x64 machine and it works great . do not bother with third party clones .
if you look closely on the mini-map , there is a small ' n ' which shows which direction the north is . it moves around all over the map border and is not always towards up but , you can use it to align yourself towards north .
a legendary dining room is a dining room with very high room value . room value is determined by the quality of the floors and walls of the room , and any items in it . you can increase a room 's value by smoothing and engraving it . engravings have quality of their own , so it is best to use a highly skilled engraver to do that work . adding high value items such as statues also helps raise the value . also keep in mind the size of the room and the material the room is dug out of has an effect ; who would not want to live in a grand room made out of gold ?
the floors are completely random . there is no way to make sure you get a certain floor in a particular category . you just have to wait and hope it shows up when you build .
okay , so this achievement is a little missleading . it is not a mission or campaign pack that is called " out of bullets" ; instead , it refers to a specific challenge mode available to some story missions ( 5 in total )
as your farmers increase in level , they will have better chances of getting more seeds . the total number of seeds you have increases slowly , but it does increase . early in the game , you will want to focus on foraging for food . farming is more of a late game food source .
the patch for 7/2/2013 to civilization 5 is adding the ability to play custom maps in multiplayer games : added ability to play custom maps in multiplayer . host and all players must place custom maps in the main games " maps " directory to be usable . source : 2kgames forum
if you clear the outposts , most of the enemies you face will come from missions - when you start a mission , enemies spawn at the mission location no matter how many outposts you have cleared . random encounters will also occur even after outposts have been cleared - for example , you may stumble onto an ongoing battle between rakyat and pirate forces while moving through the wilderness . that said , most enemy forces will be eliminated if you clear all of the outposts in the game . if you prefer rook island to be a peaceful place , then you may want to clear these outposts . i prefer to leave the outposts alone , because i find that exploration gets boring when there is no enemies other than animals .
a double perfect is getting a perfect twice in the other game dificulties . that is , rather easy , just right , and rather hard . to start off , getting a perfect means getting all the gold bars within a level as well as getting all the score multipliers ( mode ups ) . getting a perfect on " just right and rather hard " or " just right and rather easy " , or " rather easy and rather hard " in 2 levels of each world will get you your achievement .
honestly , if you are using build craft , do not bother with a cobblestone factory , just work toward a building a quarry and you will have all the cobblestone you could ever want . when i make my quarries , i usually filter out the cobblestone and feed it in to a chain of 6 double chests and then feed the overflow in to ic 's recyclers .
the gazette is a lie ( guess it is more of a joke , than a lie ) . the water is safe to drink !
the only reason you need creep between your natural and main is to move units back and forth more quickly . drones do not get a speed boost , so with a typical build this is just a single queen as it rallies to your expansion . it is nice to have , and people usually do it eventually , but early on in the game your queens are heavily energy-limited and that energy is better spent spreading creep for map control , scouting , and most importantly for defense . terran and protoss armies that do not clear creep before attacking open themselves up for surrounds , and so simply spreading towards your opponent 's base is usually sufficient to slow down an attack .
there are few ways to carry controllable power up a 1×1 shaft . as far as i know , the layout you describe in your question , with one modification , is the best that can be done for below-ground powering . adding redstone on top of the solid block allows one more layer . ( i have omitted the lamps in front in order to show the mechanism . ) note the second torch below which accepts a control signal . here is one way to transition from a redstone wire to chained torches within a 3×3 base : the key design principle is that each torch in the torch-and-block chain can move the signal horizontally one block , so by moving it off to the corner , we have room to direct the redstone wire into the first torch . many other patterns are possible .
against the different boss , heavy healing is necessary . starting with the third or so boss , he will hit twice per round , often with multiple target spells ( megastorm or something like that in english , for example ) , so heavy healing is needed . plus , some can heal themselves , drawing the battle in length . a dedicated healer is , in my humble opinion , necessary . even with a priest dedicated to healing , i am sometimes constrained to use the healing spells of the main character to keep the whole group alive . unless you manage to have a damage output of hundreds of damage per round , you will not be able to kill a boss before he kills you . edit : sometimes use of buffs/debuffs is mandatory . you will not survive a heavy hit with an alteration on your party and you will not damage a boss with protection on him , thus , you must counter those spell with the appropriate buffs/debuffs , and a buffing/debuffing player does not deal damages . likewise , you have to counter alterations effects ( sleep , paralyze , etc . ) . also , the time a member of your party is healing himself or another one , he does not do damages . having completed dq4 and 5 , and seeing dq9 is the same and even harder , i can tell you cannot survive without proper healing . the healer is quite useless on random monsters encountered on the map . my personal advice : specialize your healer in magic wands , this way you can regen the mp of your healer on the random encounters to arrive fully charged against the boss .
this is a good general strategy i have found that works for most bosses and is nearly unstoppable in random encounters : setting up : highlander : first skill you should max out on seamus o'leary o'malley o'toole is bloody offence , as it is a ridiculously good force multiplier : 50% extra damage at the cost of some health ? yes please . i have not used spear assist , so i am not sure about that , but delayed charge and cross charge are outrageous damage dealers . head pierce deals good damage on your interim turns while waiting for delayed charge to run down ( more damage the longer it goes without activating ) and has the added benefit of potentially binding heads , which decreases elemental resists . raquna : max out shield mastery to increase her defence and get access to bravery 's gift , which will also give her front guard along the way . add a point to provoke and fortify and dump the rest into hp up and def up . simon : not much to say about simon . four points into salve , one into delayed heal , and however many you want into tp up . at this point i had maxed salvage , so that is ten points you may want to put elsewhere . arthur : i kept arthur balanced with his elemental spells , so i think i had ice formula at 5 at this point . extra points into tp up is always a good idea , as well as maxing out formula mastery . one or two points into cocytus formula may help with the ants running around . getting his damage as high as possible is the name of the game . ricky : if you can get her snipe skills up to level 5 they will have a better chance of hitting those sweet binds . points into her elemental shots are good , too , for extra damage . the fight : go in with full everything and use elderevenge . elderevenge is ideal because it greatly increases the amount of time arthur can sling formulae without needing to throw amrita at him . if he is dealing enough damage , in fact , you will never have to use an amrita on him . take a few medica iis and maybe a soma or two if you have them lying around . this fight basically boils down to doing the right stuff at the right time , which is relatively easy in this case : your highlander should use bloody offence on the back line on turn one , then delayed charge , then bloody offence on the front line , then head pierce , then cross charge and start the process over , throwing around healing items for raquna when need be . the most important thing is to keep bloody offence up on arthur and ricky at all times . raquna should lead with provoke , then follow it with fortify and then front guard every turn for eternity . the exception is if somebody is in danger of dying , in which case you use bravery 's gift to shield that party member . if raquna is at low health on a turn she uses bravery 's gift have the highlander or ricky throw a medica ii at her . simon heals every turn , no exceptions . if you have it , alternate delayed heal with salve , otherwise just use salve every turn . if he runs low on tp have ricky throw an amrita his way . if arthur gets blinded , take a break from restoring hp to cast refresh on him . at no point should simon even think about doing anything that might be considered offensive . arthur will spend every turn throwing ice formula at the queen ant . if the queen has a lot of health left and the other ants show up to the party , throw cocytus formula a couple of times . if her health is low , pound away with single-target ; if the queen goes down , the fight is done . arthur will be losing health every turn from bloody offence , but he will heal it right back with the elderevenge buff . ricky is the odd man out , so to speak . you can try to bind the queen 's head and arms with head snipe and arm snipe , but these probably will not work too often . if you are having a lot of trouble getting the binds to stick , have ricky use ice shot instead , as it can deal a lot of damage depending on its level . ricky should also be your gal friday for item usage ; if raquna needs extra health to survive a round of bravery 's gift or if simon 's running low on tp have ricky toss an appropriate item in the appropriate direction . bloody offence is kind of the linchpin of this whole strategy , because it is just that good . basically it shaves off a third of the fight : for example , if a fight would normally take 12 turns , bloody offence will reduce that to a mere 8 . and it gets better the more powerful your enemy is .
as a demon hunter : reroll attack speed if you already have more than 2.5/2.6 attacks per second . at this rate you generate hatred fast enough and the difference between a 1.6 aps weapon and a 1.7 aps weapon will not be that much . reroll +8% damage if you like having a high attack speed . this is my case . i have more than 2.8 attacks per second which brings a real comfort in-game regarding hatred generation and effect procs ( like night stalker ) . for the other classes : again , it depends on your build and your personal preference . attack speed allows you to : proc some effects more often ( on weapons or skills ) , to crit more often , etc . with a wizard for example , if you use the passive prodigy , the faster you attack , the faster it generates arcane power . raw damage allows you to set up really high crit and damage . if your spells are not attack speed dependent like ray of frost you should go for %damage . the spell will take your arcane power more slowly and deals more damage which makes picking %damage over attack speed really important in those kinds of builds . on the same note , a fire monk does not need attack speed but instead relies on the high damage the fire skills can output . in the end it is your choice and both are good . you do not have to focus on the number displayed on the weapon but on the crits you actually do in the game and the frequency at which those crits appear . that is the difference between sheet dps and effective dps .
yes , it will ( mostly ) . if you are recording as you are playing a game , the recording will continue in the background . if you are recording something that has already happened , then a proportionately small amount of time will be " shaved off " .
here are the reasons why you would not want to use the normal dual strike . if you want to hit a moving target . for instance , those annoying casters that are constant running away from you , since you can not pull it off while moving at the same time . if you want to , for some reason , conserve the charges on the offhand weapon . if your target is going to die in 1 hit , maybe you want to finish him off with a normal weapon in your off hand rather than the highly enchanted weapon in the main hand . this other question brings up the idea of using a dagger/something else combo . maybe if you were using a dagger/mace , for instance , you will want to only use the mace on high health targets and the dagger for backstabs and quick kills . dual attacking 's main drawback is that it has a long cool down afterwards so if there are a lot of small and weak enemies ( or if you want to proc a weapon enchantment faster , such as using absorb health when your health is low ) , you will want to just slash slash slash away with your dagger since its got a faster attack .
from the screenshot shown on that page , it appears that the coin blocks have been relabeled with "25" . i hope , at least , that this was the only " partially rearranged " issue in the 25th anniversary of a classic .
for the adventurer trophy : there are four multiplayer modes ( rescue , team deathmatch , cry for help , free-for-all ) and you have to complete a match in each one . note that you have to finish a match and not just a round but if you join a game that is already in session , that will count . you can also choose either ranked or casual , it won’t matter . note : you can check your progress for this trophy and all other multiplayer related trophies by choosing feats and setbacks from mp main menu . they will be under trials section . that being said , you can check to see if each of the trophies are glitched if they say they are completed . for the on my way up trophy and the true commitment trophy : from what i have read , there have not been many outcries about any issue ( s ) with this trophy , [ not saying there is not a local issue with your system ] but be sure to check your status of earning this trophy as mentioned before . you need 1,771,100 experience to reach level 60 . depending on your skill level or whether you will boost it or not , it will take at least 15 to 20 hours to reach level 60 . also you will not unlock the trophy until the end of your current round/match . source and boosting thread if interested in the platinum . also note that you need to prestige at least 3 times for the platinum to pop .
i am gonna go out on a limb here and say . . . you . . . do not ? i can not remember clearly , but i am fairly certain the best you can do is save before ganon .
he looks dead . normally if someone is knocked out they have a " zzz " icon instead of the skull . . . you are not a pacifist . load save .
it sounds like you have the right idea , but here 's some tips or suggestions . buff potions definitely help , and also you will want to make sure you are using the greater health potions , not the lesser ones of course . if you have not done so already , i suggest you try making a very long bridge . it does not have to be completely flat but at least enough that it is very easily traverse-able and you will not get stuck somewhere by accident or fall into lava . you will want to focus more on the battle than trying to get around down there . my weapon of choice for this battle would be one of the flails ( or any big sword such as night 's edge ) for the numerous mini enemies attached to the wall . flails take them out easily and quite efficiently since you can hit almost all of them at once . once those are all done for , this is when switching to the minishark is a good idea . it puts out lots of damage very quickly , obviously , plus the bonus ability to save ammo every-time you shoot it . if you have the goblin tinkerer i suggest you put some money in reforging weapons for better stats , not necessary but makes a very noticeable impact when you get a good one . as for your accessories , you might want rocket/specter boots to get around easier ; a cobalt/obsidian shield so you are not knocked around or into lava , and also in case there any exposed hellstone you could accidentally walk onto ; and a band of regeneration to quickly recover lost hp . the other two are up to your preference really . i would also suggest reforging these to try and get the warding prefix ( +4 defense ) . again not necessary but it will help tremendously in the long run . especially since having 5 warding accessories means +20 defense . you can also try to focus on magic items to defeat it . a vilethorn also makes quick work of the smaller enemies while a space gun ( with full meteor armor ) will constantly damage the actual wall without ever using mana . a demon scythe is definitely my favorite weapon to use against it though . it will hit everything it passes through , and while it is " charging up " , the boss can be directly over it getting hit 3-5 times guaranteed . the only problem is how hard is can sometimes be to find . if you do decide to use magic items make sure you have a full 200 max mana and some mana potions as well . restoration potions can also help here as they give back both mana and hp but will give the " potion sickness " debuff on use , unlike regular mana potions . you can also get a mana flower to equip . this will automatically use mana potions for you so that you will not have to worry about how much mana you currently have . once you do manage to defeat it the first time , beating it again will just get easier since you will have access to higher tier items .
yes you can ! you can potentially turn off all other education buildings after building a university - all education buildings convert kids into students and subsequently enrol that student , however each education building provides a different level of education and influences the tech level of your industry . thus , i present to you arcadia ! here is how i came to my conclusion - i was previously of the opinion that ' students ' and ' kids ' were separate agents and being unable to find anything solid to confirm it either way , so i figured it was time for science ! if you are not reaching the maximum number of students enrolled , it will like be down to one of the following reasons ; not enough capacity not enough coverage traffic universities provide the highest level of education and the biggest boost to your industry ( to tech level 3 ) , but relies on your city 's mass transit system and road network to allow your students to get to it . school buses will not drop students off at university . a university also allows you to research projects to create great works for your region and provide upgrades for your buildings . a community college provides many of the educational benefits of a university and is smaller in size , but does not provide the same amount of improvement to your industry ( to tech level 2 only ) . if you have a university in your city , you should consider shutting down your community college , provided your road network and mass transit can handle it your university will have no problems teaching the students from your college . grade schools and high schools are basically the same building but with different capacities . each provides its own transit system that can pick up students but provides a lower level of education than a university or community college . you do not need a grade school or a high school , but it is worthwhile having at least one for the benefits that they provide as these schools will pick up the kids in your city to keep them off the streets , reduce crime , pollution , trash and energy consumption while providing a bonus to the amount your sims recycle . as for getting the maximum tech level and maximum education level just with a university ? it is not impossible . in many of my screenshots above you can see that i am at tech level 3 with just a university , but the overall education level hovered at around 3 out of 5 . i did not get an education level higher than 4 during any of my testing with universities so this leads me to believe that either not enough time was given to allow the education level to rise to maximum ( the oldest city i used during testing had only got to year 3 ) or that it is not possible to get the maximum education level with just a university . one of the main challenges i faced while trying to build a comprehensive education system that enrolled all students was transport , sending out fleets of buses would gridlock my road network during school hours . one tip i have for this as a result of my testing is that all a school bus will drop off students at another school of the same type , regardless of whether that bus originated from that school . a few things i noticed while testing i noticed that the value for the number of students being taught on the university overview is another number that does not tally up with the education overview ; this city has never had a grade school , high school , public library or community college - the only source of education has been via the university . a university is also able to teach in excess of the maximum number of students that can be in class at once ; i noticed that during the initial growth of the city , the number of sims enrolled would lag behind the spurts in growth in that large portions of the population were not enrolled ; a few months later and you start to see your overall education level rise . as the population increase begins to plateau the number of enrolled students catches up to the total number of students available , although i still have not seen the number of enrolled students at 100% at this point ; by this point , i am noticing that i am getting a fair quantity of " too many injuries - moving ! " - which is usually a sign of low education , however my overall education level is still increasing , and my industry tech level has already reached 3 . in addition , i am still seeing a specific group of sims that are not enrolled into my education system . in the following two screenshots , you will see Kids represented by purple bars ( which is actually shown on the data layer as not enrolled ) and Students represented by green bars ( which also means enrolled ) ; in all instances , the purple bars identify themselves as X Kids , while the green bars identify themselves as X Students ; when the university is in use , it is populated by students . with this in mind , i plopped down a high school - the next morning the education data layer showed no instances of people not being enrolled while the total number of students enrolled was not at 100% ; in the above screenshot , you can see a new set of ' blue ' bars - these bars represent kids/students waiting at school bus stops . in this instance , all of the kids have relocated to waiting at the bus stops for their high school buses ( note that universities do not have a dedicated transit service ) . shortly after placing the high school my city went through a sudden population growth phase which increased the number of kids in the city . with all of the additional kids in the city i was able to see a pattern . outside of school hours my education data layer would look like this ; then , once the school buses had started picking the kids up for school , which is shortly after the school opens at 6am , my city 's education data layer would look like this ; during this , my number of students enrolled did not noticeably fluctuate , and neither did the number of students being taught at my university , however the number of kids in the city had reduced and were arriving at the high school . to mitigate the traffic problems i was having , i made a new city to test with . in this city i built a road network that did not suffer from the same traffic problems - i found that my overall enrolment reached 100% quite quickly . even at 100% , looking at the education data layer showed un-enrolled sims ; like before , these were all kids , and adding a high school to the city would get them off the streets and show no un-enrolled sims on the education data layer . for an additional test , i built a city that only had a high school to try and work out exactly what effects a high school has ; again the purple bars when you hover over them show up as kids in all instances . after 6am the fleet of school buses set off , and pick up all of the kids from the various bus stops , and the education data layer shows this ; in every instance of a bus picking up a kid form their home , that kid turned into a student upon arrival at the high school . for further testing i destroyed the high school and left the city until the number of students enrolled had reduced back to zero and then built a grade school in the same location that the high school previously resided ; however after the fleet of school buses went out at 6am , the results were pretty conclusive in that enrolment increased to the point where the grade school was full ; the grade school was already fully upgraded so it was not possible to increase the capacity further so i added enough additional grade schools to cater for the maximum number of potential students that could enrol and waited until the next day . while this still did not result in reaching the maximum possible number of students ( due to a localised capacity issue ) i am confident it would be possible to get 100% of all students enrolled using just grade schools ; in order to do so though , required a new city - one of the main problems i have faced trying to get 100% enrolment in large cities is that school buses clog up your road network quite easily if you are trying to fetch all your students from one centralised location . in this city i placed four grade schools , one in each corner ;
you only get a quest reward once per playthrough per character . this means there is only one chance for a level 50 evil smasher . if you join someone else 's game and re-complete a mission , you will not get rewards for that mission again . so is there a way to start a new game , quickly get to tvhm to accept level 50 missions ? no , not without save file editing . and my limited attempts at messing with gibbed 's editor have been unsuccessful . and a playthrough with a hacked level 50 character from start to completing thvm will still take several hours . additionally , could i just accept the quests with my level 50 char in a new game , or will the mission just scale to the host level ? missions are complicated . it seems to find a way to always give you the lowest possible quest reward ; if you have already taken the mission , it seems to give you the item at the level you took that mission , ignoring the host 's mission level . i am not 100% sure about that though , confirmation would be nice .
some preliminary testing results show that the shield essentially grants you 50% extra health . this extra 50% functions just like your regular health , with the following exceptions . it takes significantly ( 500% by my estimate ) more damage from tesla weapons . that means a lot of tesla weapons will take the shield down with just one hit . it restores itself to full almost instantly after 9 seconds during which you take no damage . this is the only way to recharge the shield . healing weapons , health pick-ups or ammo caches will do nothing to it .
mundane gives massive scaling depending on your lowest stat . if your lowest stat is at 20 , mundane gives physical scaling at 170 , which is amazing . for example , if you have 20s in your stats across the board except for int , which you left at 5 , mundane will scale off int and have +80 physical scaling . as you increase int , the damage scaling will increase . once int hits 21 , it is no longer the lowest stat as the others are at 20 . at this point , mundane will stay scaled to 170 since your lowest stat is at 20 . according to the dark souls 2 wikidot , the exact mundane scaling goes as follows :
you should definitely use different ingredients to create a dish . the reason is that the bonus from a good ingredient/topping combination is only applied once , even if the ingredient is present two times . so for the highest bonuses you should use two different ingredients with toppings that are good combinations for both , giving you a bonus of up to four a . an exception is when you want to create a dish with a high tastiness but low cost , for example to level up costumers that do not have much money like the bookworm . double kalbi or similar works well there .
for female - male breeding ( standard ) : the pokeball the child inherits will be of the female 's pokeball for female - ditto breeding ( no male to breed with ) : the pokeball the child inherits will be of the female 's pokeball for male - ditto breeding ( no female to breed with ) : the pokeball the child inherits will be a pokeball , regardless of what pokeball ditto is in for ungendered - ditto breeding ( breeding rotom , unown , etc . ) the pokeball the child inherits will be a pokeball , regardless of what pokeball ditto is in
after the credits roll and mario/luigi , peach , and yoshi make it all the way back to " yoshi 's house " and the eggs hatch , it shifts to the tableau of mario , luigi , and peach ( that you mention ) . for the snes and virtual console version of this game , that is all there is to it -- there is no new game plus option , and no way to save the game after beating bowser . the gameboy advance version of super mario world ( it was rereleased as super mario advance 2: super mario world ) however , featured additional content after the game ended while collecting all the dragon coins . but , as this was specific to the gameboy advance port of the game , yes , that final tableau is really the end . edit : actually , i am not positive about the gba port . it depends on whether or not bowser 's castle level has dragon coins , i suppose .
this answer applies to the ps3 version of far cry 3 . short answer : bullets in far cry 3 travel a maximum of 152 meters . how i tested it : conditions : fully upgraded z93 sniper rifle all skill upgrades unlocked targets located at the house 300 meters west of break point docks safehouse firing from the radio tower northwest of break point docks safehouse experiment 1: wanted dead i began the wanted dead mission near break point docks which requires you to kill two heavy troopers near a house . i approached the mission location from cover until the mission activated . i then tagged the targets and climbed the hill to the radio tower overlooking the target location . my minimap indicated that i was 180 meters from the mission location . i took aim and fired five rounds directly at one of the marked targets , with no effect . i then moved closer in five meter increments , firing three rounds at each interval until an effect was noted . the distance from me to the mission location at this time was 150 meters . problems with this method : i realized that although i was 150 meters from the mission location , my targets were not standing precisely at that location at the time i fired . also , at 150 meters from the mission location , an alert pops up instructing you to return to the mission zone or the mission will fail , and i did not know if mission restrictions were limiting the range of my rifle . therefore , i abandoned the mission and took another approach . experiment 2: friendly fire i next decided to try firing at a moving target . since i had already cleared every outpost , i decided to shoot at rakyat patrols . i climbed the radio tower northwest of break point docks , used the sniper scope to acquire a rakyat vehicle as it drove past the target location , measured the distance using the map , and opened fire . there was no effect . however , i quickly realized this approach was flawed , since with the target vehicle in motion , there was no way to guarantee that i was consistently scoring hits . experiment 3: kick the tires i realized that i needed a target that was both stationary and would react visibly when hit . dune buggy tires fit the bill nicely . i parked a dune buggy at the target location , set it as my destination so that i would have a distance readout , and then climbed to the radio tower again . this time , i knew that the target would not move and the distance displayed on the minimap would be the precise distance to my target . i began firing at 160 meters , moving 1 meter closer every three rounds . at 152 meters , my first round destroyed my target , the tire of the dune buggy . i backed up to 153 meters and was unable to shoot the other tire . i moved forward to 152 meters and destroyed the other tire on my first shot . conclusions in the ps3 version of far cry 3 , at least , bullets travel a maximum of 152 meters . this value is the same whether or not you are in a mission .
your haywire chance stat is the chance you have of trigger a haywire effect when casting a spell , this is basically the spell equivalent of a critical hit . however , haywire is broken in version 1.0.3 and does not work as intended . we can see this from the blog post describing the changes to be expected in 1.0.4: bugs , actual bugs : haywire not triggering , except when it absolutely shouldn’t . ( vampirism , traps , everything but your spellcasting . )
here is an instruction on how to create a server and put bots on it : make sure you have the port 27015 accessible for connections . how ? look here . open the game console . how ? options⇨keyboard⇨advanced . . . ⇨enable developer console . press ~ / &#96 ; to open the console at any time . type sv_lan 0 if you want the game to be public , or sv_lan 1 for lan only . public server is recommended type map &lt;mapname&gt; , replacing &lt ; mapname&gt ; with the name of the map you want to play . or press the [ + ] to the right of browse servers in main menu instead . if the server is public and you do not want anyone to intrude , you can set a password : type sv_password &lt;pass&gt; , replacing &lt ; pass&gt ; with some simple password . ( e . g . sv_password 1234 ) set the bot difficulty : tf_bot_difficulty &lt;x&gt; , where &lt ; x&gt ; is from 0 ( the easiest ) to 3 . ( e . g . tf_bot_difficulty 0 ) add bots : tf_bot_add &lt;team&gt; &lt;class&gt; &lt ; team&gt ; : red | blue &lt ; class&gt ; : scout | soldier | pyro | demoman | heavyweapons | engineer | medic | sniper | spy ( e . g . tf_bot_add blue heavyweapons ) to remove all bots : tf_bot_kick all here are some ways for your friend to connect . if one fails , try the next one . join the game via steam . in steam friends list press &#9660 ; and join game . in console : connect &lt;ip&gt;:27015 , where &lt ; ip&gt ; is your ( server 's ) ip address . ( e . g . connect 11.22.33.44:27015 ) try the same thing with your ( server 's ) local ip address ( find it in windows/ linux ) if nothing works , see the step 1 of server creation instruction .
in terms of your inventory and such , there is no such thing as the game " saving " , updates are instantly applied to the server , so it is not possible to lose anything . in terms of quests , there are frequent " checkpoints " throughout the game ( usually about every 5-10 minutes ) . anytime you stop playing , you will resume the quest from your last checkpoint the next time you start again . there is no way to force a quest save other than reaching one of these points .
after further research i am reluctantly answering my own question because , as far as i can tell , there is no existing tool to do what i need . the best option i have found is to write my own tool . it should be possible to use the python library pymclevel to write a filter for mcedit that will search for things , or possibly to use pymclevel directly without mcedit . unfortunately , that involves learning python , pymclevel , and mcedit . i am not sure it is worth the time it would take since bukkit plugins will address item theft , which is the root problem i am trying to solve . it seems like there should already be such a tool , or else that it would not take too long for a knowledgeable person to write one . i will gleefully drop my own answer and accept another if it points me to an existing tool , or else shares the code for one .
when you disenchant something , you are not getting a percentage of the enchantment you learned . what you are getting the ability to use that enchantment : in essence , the base enchantment upon which you built better ones . so it does not matter what your skill is when you disenchant an item or how big of a bonus the enchantment on that item has : you will always wind up with the same base enchantment to start off with . instead , what matters is the size of the soul you use , any perks you have , and your enchanting skill when you go to enchant an item : larger souls and more enchanting skill results in better enchantments placed on items .
l-canceling via smash bros wiki . l-canceling does not work in brawl , although auto-cancel does . to l-cancel , press l , r , or z ( only z and r work in ssb ) within 6 frames of landing on the ground while the character is still performing an aerial attack . if performed correctly , the character 's recovery animation will be played at twice its normal speed in ssbm , effectively cutting recovery time in half . if the number of frames of the lag divided by two ends with a decimal ( i.e. . 15/2 = 7.5 ) , it will be rounded downwards . in ssb , however , the recovery animation is erased completely , allowing one to move immediately after any aerial attack . l-canceling can only be used with aerial attacks involving the a button ; it is impossible to l-cancel a special move . it is also impossible to l-cancel mr . game and watch 's neutral aerial and up aerial attack .
for each signature weapon you need to do tasks like activate a certain amount of radio towers , liberate outposts or find relics . you can find a complete list of signature weapons and how to get them here : http://farcry.wikia.com/wiki/signature_weapons
the xp and ip is the bonus ip you would get if you had boosts . you can buy boosts for xp and ip to faster get forward but they cost game money ( rp ) , which you get by putting in real money . so it is not something you are missing out of as much as it is something you might get as a bonus . hope that answers your question .
wondering why your quantum helmet does not operate as advertised ? as of ic2 v1.110 , the quantum helmet can refill your hunger with carried canned food , at an eu cost of 10,000 eu per point . and , of course , at the cost of carrying said canned goods around . alternatively , you could look into foods with higher saturation . ambrosia , crafted from bee products , gives high saturation ( and 40 seconds of regeneration ) . or , if you do not want to bother with that , steak is always a good option .
every citizen you save drops an amount of gold equivalent to what a white mob in the current act/area/difficulty would drop , complete with the randomness that entails . sometimes you can get thousands of gold for saving just a few citizens . you also get a small exp bonus at the end of the quest depending on how many you saved .
the " china broom " shotgun is the standard shotgun in the game , and there is nothing special you have to do to find it . you will find enemies carrying throughout the game . the gamestop preorder bonus is a special skin and " damage enhancement " for this weapon , which has stars down the side of the barrel . whenever booker picks up a shotgun , it should get these unique benefits .
dragon souls can be saved , so do not worry that the effort in killing the dragon is lost . please note that you need to discover additional shouts if you have learned/activated all your current words , this way you can use your saved dragon souls on the new words of the new shouts . shouts are discovered on the walls of old ruins , and gained by slaying and absorbing the souls of dragons . as more are slain the users ability to learn and use new shouts increases . &mdash ; wikia - elder scrolls v : skyrim - dragon shouts in order to learn new shouts , you need to find all these word walls ; you can get a quest to the next : although finding word walls can be very challenging try and use shouts in major cities . whenever you do this you should receive a note from a courier which tells you " a note for your hands only " this note starts a quest to find a source of power and the current location of the next word wall . &mdash ; wikia - elder scrolls v : skyrim - word wall ( contains more details on all the locations ) to actually learn a new shout , once you have discovered the word wall and have a dragon soul to use , you need to manually activate it in the shouts menu . select the shout and press the activate button . it should be shown on your screen , but i believe the buttons are : r on pc x on xbox □ on ps3
a tile which you control can be defended ( to use the official term ) by controlling all 4 ( or 3 or 2 along edges or corners respectively ) tiles immediately adjacent to it . ( above , below , and to either side . diagonals do not count ) . a tile which has been defended can be used to complete words , but control of it will not change when it is used in this manner . if the adjacent tiles are flipped , the defended tile will no longer be blocked , however , this does not happen simultaneously . in other words , it takes at least two turns to flip a defended tile , no matter what .
you can do everything after the holy pillar that you could do in chapter 4 . some genome abilities may be harder to get , though , but they are attainable in the bonus dungeon .
annie is often thought of as the " most balanced " ability power mage by riot . she has very strong abilities , the key is learning how to play her properly . key strengths her auto attack range is the highest of any caster ( 625 ) , and she can easily use it to harass the enemy or last-hit from safety . her passive will stun on every 5th spell cast . stun on her w and r , not on her q if you can help it ; stunning more than one enemy at once is key . her q is mana-free if she kills a unit with it . this gives you effectively unlimited sustain in lane , as long as you are good at dodging enemy harass . put your second point in this fairly early to make it easier to farm with . her w is fairly short ranged , but its area effect and has a decent arc . it does not require targeting an enemy to cast , so its great for killing someone low life after they run into brush , or damaging a champion who has just stealthed . learn the range of the spell , especially if you smartcast . her e is often used just to charge her stun faster , but its also surprisingly good in teamfights and 1v1 . annie 's cooldowns are fairly high , and you need to survive long enough to unload another volley ( and stun ) at least a second time in a team fight . her r is a lot of up front area effect damage , and is often combined with her passive stun to decimate a stacked enemy team . tibbers will do area effect damage around him , and melee what you tell him to . control him by recasting r , or using alt + right click . runes : i recommend standard caster runes to start : magic penetration reds , flat armor yellows , scaling magic resistance blues , and movement speed quintessences . once you have gotten really good at the game , you might want to look into replacing your yellows and blues with scaling ap , and your quintessences with flat ap . i am not a fan of cooldown reduction blues in season 3 ; but they are still a viable choice . i also find that mana regeneration yellows just are not necessary on annie if you are using her q properly , and the flat armor alternative is very valuable early game , but they are a valid choice . masteries : use the standard 21/9/0 or 21/0/9 ap caster masteries . items : ideally i would recommend going a bit tanky on annie ; she is a high priority target for enemy teams , and if she can survive their initial burst , she can live long enough to unleash a second round of spells and stuns . my core items on her are a catalyst to give you health and sustain and sorceror 's shoes for magic penetration . you then may want to buy an item to counter your enemy in lane ; go for a seeker 's armguard if they are ad , or a negatron cloak if they are ap . from then on the ordering of your purchases is pretty fluid , but here are some great choices for annie mid to late game : rod of ages , rylai 's crystal scepter , abyssal scepter , void staff , zhonya 's hourglass , deathfire grasp , rabadon 's deathcap , banshee 's veil . hints : take ignite and flash as your summoner spells . ignite adds to her single target burst , all but ensuring you a free kill at level 6 . flash helps her engage for a tibbers stun , or escape if she gets caught . do not instantly put a point in q at the start of the game . if your allies intend to go for a level 1 invade , you are going to want your w first . spam it in the fountain a few times to build up your passive stun , then unleash it on the entire enemy team when you engage . the downside of this is you need to rely on auto attacks to last hit until level 2 . if you die , charge up your stun using w and e while running back to lane . you might need it as soon as you arrive . in lane , you are probably going to be mid . keep your distance and auto attack to harass the enemy every chance you get ; annie 's basic attack will outrange almost any mid you are up against , abuse it . use your q for farming , and save your mana for a kill . carefully plan when you are going to hit level 6 . save up enough mana for a full rqwe combo , with mana left over for a finishing q and w if necessary . harass the enemy until he is at 70% or less . draw him away from his tower . ensure that you are 1 spell away from your stun right as you hit level 6 . as soon as you level up , put a point in r , then flash into the enemy , hit e to charge your stun , then hit rqw and ignite . this should kill them , but keep auto attacking and be ready with q and w if they manage to survive . &nbsp ; tibbers does ae damage around him , and he auto attacks as well . you can control his movement and who he is attacking by using r or alt + right click . you can send him in to harass the enemy , tank a tower , tank monsters , and check the brush , among other things . if you get too far away from him , he will teleport back to you . if tibbers damages an enemy hiding underneath a tower , the tower will start to attack you , not tibbers ; keep this in mind . if you get caught and are being killed while you try to run away , keep casting spells while you retreat . the enemy will grow overconfident , and you will keep landing damage while you build up a stun . a carefully placed stun can allow you to escape , stun them right as your allies show up , or even stun them under your tower . get blue buff . the cooldown reduction and mana regeneration is critical for mid to late game annie . generally the first blue buff is given to the jungler , but every blue buff after that is yours . often your jungler will offer to help you kill it , but you are easily able to handle it on your own with half of your mana , or a quarter if you have tibbers already up . if you just unleashed tibbers in lane , and blue buff is up , you can run over to it and let tibbers tank the golem for you . once he dies , use your e to tank the golem . if you can not get blue buff ( there is another ap caster who needs it more ) , get a grail . &nbsp ; if you think a team fight is imminent , always have a stun ready , but not visible . annie displays a swirling white mist around her when a stun is ready , and this telegraphs to the enemy team that your next spell will stun . this is great for keeping them at bay , but you need to draw them in if you are going to kill them . instead , have 3 stacks of pyromania ready , and load your stun using e or one of your other spells right before you unleash your r to stun the team . coordinate with your team ; let them know how long until tibbers or flash ( or both ) is up . you are a great initiator , especially if you can catch the entire team grouped up for a stun . buy an elixir of brilliance mid to late game if you need the extra cdr and damage but do not have enough gold for a new item .
clearly this problem calls for science . all tests were conducted on the first stage ( 1 . the beginning ) with all talents purchased . test 1: a single lightning tower ( evolution 3 , level 25 ) in the second of the positions just below the path near the start . no 2x speed , no calling waves early . tower was not sold or upgraded at any point . score : 72 test 2: as test 1 , but at 2x speed . score : 72 test 3: as test 2 , but the lightning tower was placed in the position closest to the corner opposite where the monsters enter ( in the bottom left if monsters are entering from the mid-right and exiting in the mid-bottom ) . score : 72 test 4: as test 1 , but all waves called as early as possible . score : 85 test 5: as test 1 , but a poison tower ( evolution 3 , level 5 ) was used in place of the lightning tower . score : 79 test 6: as test 1 , but after killing wave 11 of 12 the lightning tower was sold and magic was used to kill the final wave . score : 72 test 7: as test 6 , but the final wave was not damaged ( and thus removed 10 lives ) . score : 60 conclusion it looks like your score is determined by how much prime you have at the end of the level ( including the sell value of your towers ) and possibly by how many lives you have at the end . calling waves early rewards you with bonus prime , and will therefore increase your score if the tighter spacing does not force you to build additional towers ( which reduces your final prime total by the tower 's build+upgrade cost minus its sell value ) . how quickly you complete the level is not a factor ( other than the previously mentioned bonus prime from calling waves early ) . how far into the level monsters make it before being killed is not a direct factor , but it looks like you can only have so many waves " active " at one time , so killing mobs closer to the entrance allows you to call waves faster ( thus earning more prime ) . it is unclear whether the number of lives you have affects your score directly or indirectly ; since each monster is worth a certain amount of prime when killed , losing a life also costs you the prime you would have gotten for killing the mob you leaked , so it is possible that the number of lives remaining at the end of the level is not factored into your score . further testing would be needed to decide ( ideally 2 waves in the same level could be found that are worth the same amount of lives but a different amount of prime , or vice versa ) . my suspicion is that how many lives you have does directly affect your score ; note that saving 65 prime by using a poison tower netted only an extra 7 points ( test 5 ) , but losing the 22 or so prime from the last wave cost 12 points ( test 7 ) .
did you configure it to be arid and old ; or random for everything and just have a run of similar worlds ? you could explicitly set the world age and rainfall ( from your description , the temperature could have varied a bit ) to mix it up . world age : adjusts the map " smoothness " , as a longer world has eroded more . 3 billion years : highly mountainous 4 billion years 5 billion years : flat temperature : cool : more ice , more tundra at lower latitudes temperate hot : more jungles , less tundra rainfall : wet : more forests and jungles normal arid : more deserts configure the settings to a younger earth ( 3 or 4 gyr ) and temperate or wet rainfall if you want to get away from what you are describing . you can do so on the " advanced setup " panel when you configure a game .
there is no quest log or journal item in pokemon x and y . there was an item in diamond , pearl , and platinum called the journal . this item recorded things you had done including places you went , pokemon you caught , and trades you made . if you had not played the game in the past two days , the journal would automatically open when you resumed your save game . i believe ruby , sapphire , and emerald fire red and leaf green had a similar feature that showed things you did before letting you resume , but i have not found a source to confirm this yet , and unfortunately i no longer own these games to test it . ( thanks to jwodder on correcting me here )
it is possible to share psn games between ps3 systems . there is a thread on the somethingawful forums that goes into a good bit of detail as to how to do this . it appears to be at least acknowledged and ignored by sony , but keep in mind that you should be very careful not to violate any of the terms of your psn agreement , lest you lose your games or access to the online support of your console . this process is also not without risk , and your " friend " might do something dishonest and cheat you . do note that recently sony changed the rules , so that you can only have 2 ps3 consoles sharing a single copy of a psn game .
kill flesh stick again and again in the tina special guest quest . best if your coop partner stays by her and keeps beginning the mission while you are where he spawns waiting for him with a shotgun or else . at lvl 14 its 1800exp every time . i leveled to 20 in 5 minutes . note : if you restart the quest too quickly fleshstick will stop spawning and you will have to reload the area . to avoid this , wait until tiny tina finishes her line ending with " my abode " . if you mess up , first she will not speak her next line . if this happens , wait a minute or two ( to let tina finish the sentence , even though you can not hear it ) and start the mission once more , tina should talk again .
in general : all objects returned to default positions . all broken objects regenerated . all bodies removed ( ☠ and zzz ) . some new items spawn . merchants restock detroit some areas locked off ( police station , sarif hq main entrance ) hengsha the hive is locked down . hung hua hotel is almost empty . belltower guards looking for you . alice pod gardens merchant moves to youzhao district .
on the increased difficulty , the npcs change their playstyles slightly and act less random . it makes it a little easier to try to strategize and makes the game feel a bit more like a " real " poker game , but it is still difficult to properly bluff , for example . reviews say that the poker experience for the player is more consistent with the higher difficulty setting . read some reviews . basically , if you are an experienced poker and texas hold'em player , you will not find the game very challenging ( and may indeed find it more frustrating if you try to apply normal poker strategy to the game ) , so setting the difficulty higher will probably be more rewarding for you .
it is different for the different points : there are no weekly caps for honor and justice points . no , there is no way to increase the 1000 valor points per week cap . the conquest point cap is depended on your arena / rated battleground rating . further it rises automatically over the course of a pvp / arena season and is the sum of your unused weekly caps over the season ( if you have not earned any conquest points yet , you should have a cap of around 25.000 by now ) .
so , i did some testing and i believe that i have found the answer . after attempting to trap an agnaktor , an uragaan , and a steel uragaan , i have reason to believe that if the monster is trapped on the edge of the lava ( i.e. . you place the trap right at the border between lava and walkable land ) , then the monster cannot be captured . while you may still be able to damage portions that are close enough over land ( e . g . agnaktor 's beak or uragaan 's chin ) , you will not be able to capture the monster .
you have to disable the option " enable simple command card " in game options . then you will see that hold is " e " and patrol is " r " if you have the qwert-keyboardlayout . an unconvenient alternative to patrolling would be setting a lot of waypoints with shift-"t"-leftclick
the mod , skytweak could help . try tweaking the ff . variables in the ' npc ' section : ' follower spacing ' and ' follower catch up ' . this should make your followers keep their distance from you . follower spacing : how closely a follower will try to follow you . follower catch up : speed bonus provided to followers when they are far away from the player character . the tweaks will not stop the follower from entering a fight , but will make them increase their distance from you . this makes them less likely to get in the way between you and an enemy you are fighting . afaik , there is no way to completely tweak a follower 's behavior / ai to make them get out of your line of sight when you are fighting an enemy .
hopper minecarts are useful for advanced redstone machines and automation , however , in many instances , you will find that using a storage minecart to be more useful . for simple transport , storage minecarts hold more , and are automatically emptied the same way : with a hopper beneath the track . the one main advantage with using a hopper minecart instead of a storage minecart would be to automate some farms , such as melon or pumpkin farms . hopper minecarts can pick up item entities on and around the track , allowing you to break the melon or pumpkin with a piston , and have the minecart pick everything up instead of making you walk through the farm , although in my brief testing , the naive design is not great . like many other things in minecraft , you are really only limited by your imagination as to what you can build .
you have to right click the obsticle then troops jump it
you can farm leaves from trees , either breaking them for the chance of producing a sapling or using shears or a silk-touch-enchanted tool to collect the leaf block . but you can not do this repeatedly for the same tree as leaves do not grow back . you will have to grow a new tree to get more leaves . as for silverwood trees , you can break their leaves for a small chance at getting a sapling ( on average around 1 per tree ) . harvesting the leaves with shears will just give you the leaf block , without any chance at a sapling . in addition , items/enchantments designed to increase item yield or chance of item drop , like fortune or a grafter , do not appear to work on silverwood trees . note : apparently , collecting leaves with a silk-touch-enchanted tool can sometimes give you both the leaf block and a sapling . it is not clear if this is a bug or intentional , but i imagine this only works on vanilla trees .
as a soldier , you should not have much trouble with mini-sentries . direct hit shots can 1-shot an un-wrangled mini-sentry , and all the other rocket launchers can 2-shot un-wrangled mini-sentries . no , the real problem is usually the engineer who is taking pot-shots at you with his ( if he is smart ) pistol while you deal with his mini-sentry . in other words , kill the engineer first if he is around . the classes mini-sentries are particularly effective against are : scouts pyros demo-jumpers ( demoman with sticky jumper + ullapool caber ) identity thieves ( spies with your eternal reward ) who have yet to get a kill snipers dumb enough not to avoid them mini-sentries are nearly useless against : demomen heavy snipers who are smart enough to avoid them spies who have their disguise kit . they are moderately useful against everyone else . side note : mini-sentries are good to put near you if you know the other team has yer spies . however , keep in mind that yer spies will stop be shot by the gun if they backstab someone . this is different from spies with the disguise kit who will continue being shot if they disguise after the sentry starts firing .
the biggest benefit of a second port is that you can import more goods quickly - each boat will only import 500 of each type of goods , per visit . if your industries use imported goods , then you can run out of input goods before the next boat comes . a second port means you will not run out of input goods for your factories . if you have multiple factories using the same input goods , you definitely need more docks to keep them supplied . a second port also smooths your income out - instead of shipping $300,000 worth of goods every six months or so , you ship $150,000 of goods every three months or so , on average . ( sometimes the two cargo ships arrive at the same time , and you lose that benefit until they fall out of sync . also , factories usually ship their goods to the closest dock , so one dock will probably get more goods than the other . ) if you are having problems with dockworkers not servicing your docks , make sure that you have enough garages so your dockworkers can always find a car to get to the docks quickly . i have seen plenty of tropicans drive out to some remote farm , bar , church , clinic , or house , and then take a very long time walking back because there was not a nearby garage ; this can make your dockworkers miss the boat .
the highest ranked unit is your squad leader . if two or more units have the same rank , the foremost-unit on the squad-selection screen is taken to be the leader . with 6 colonels , this is always the third unit .
no , you can never move twice on one turn with agility . speed is a straight up calculation of which speed stat is faster within the same priority bracket ( so moves like quick attack always go first unless a faster opponent uses quick attack/etc as well ) . the only reason to continue using agility is if you know/suspect your opponent has pokemon even faster than your boosted pokemon , that they well debuff your speed ( paralysis does this significantly ) or that they will buff their own speed .
jonah bishop 's answer is incorrect . there is no flagging , but : it is possible to copy your saves over from an un-modded state to enable mod access , but be advised that we cannot guarantee that it will work flawlessly , particularly if you take a character from a modded state and bring it back into an un-modded mode of gameplay . source : https://support.runicgames.com/kb/articles/55-game-saves-inaccessible-when-playing-with-mods
in the release version of the game the item " black mushroom " is a component in creating the item " staff of herding . " it is still an easter egg referencing diablo 1 though , but also helps in crafting the item . the full list of items needed to create the " staff of herding " are : black mushroom , wirt 's belt , liquid rainbow , gibbering gemstone , leoric 's shinbone , the crafting plans , and a 50,000 gold crafting fee . additionally , the item can be " leveled up " per difficulty by finding the plans for that difficulty , using a created staff from the weaker difficulty , and paying the crafting cost to create the " leveled up " version of the staff . list of requirements for the staff and its upgrades : staff of herding : requires black mushroom , wirt’s bell , liquid rainbow , gibbering gemstone , leoric’s shinbone , and a 50,000 gold crafting cost nightmarish staff of herding : requires the staff of herding and a 200,000 gold crafting cost hellish staff of herding : requires the nightmarish staff of herding and a 500,000 gold crafting cost infernal staff of herding : requires the hellish staff of herding and a 1,000,000 gold crafting cost the total cost to craft the final version , the infernal staff of herding , is 1,750,000 gold . it has also been confirmed that the staff is used to get to the secret level .
based on this thread it looks like there was a short time where dawnguard became a free dlc and downloaded to people that had skyrim ( likely due to a steam admin error ) . it has since been corrected , but for people that downloaded it during that time , it should continue to be part of your game unless you uninstall and reinstall skyrim .
right now , the only housing available in the game must be purchased on a free company ( guild ) basis , and are not available to individuals . † that being said , there are multiple instances of each residental zone , but not an infinite number of instances . depending on your server 's population , you may or may not have open plots in the zone of your choice , but odds are good that there is some open plots somewhere if you are not picky about location . periodically , the dev team adds extra residential instances to the game , so in the future , more plots will be added if needed . † individual housing is said to be coming in the near future ( patch 2.35-2.38 ) , but is not here yet . however , you can purchase a " personal room " in your free company 's estate ( if they own one ) for 300,000 gil .
this is a very generic question . each car has different caracteristics , so different settings would apply for each car . also different settings are used when racing 1/4 mile or 1/2 mile . @zoot 's answer on this question is very good to give a basic understanding on tune settings . as stated , the dro has an excellent tunning tutorial . get a look at it . as i can see by the screenshot , you purchased tune for bmw m3 e92 . unfortunately i do not own this car on the game to give you my personal settings , but here are some tips extracted from the dro ' s site , but edited by me : 1 . nitrous . setting it to 100%-110% seems to have good results . 2 . final drive . this will depend on your car and what kind of start you want . you can bring this setting down in order to red-line without peeling out during take-off . set it around 3.2-3.7 to begin with and then tweak it after you are done setting up the rest of the gears . 3 . 1st gear and 2nd gear . make sure to upgrade the tires and drop some of the weight on the car first , so your car is capable of gripping better during take-off . another thing to take note of is that second gear should be a lower number than first gear , but not too much . example : 1st gear set to around 3.4 while 2nd gear is set to around 2.8 . note that you can test anytime and check how it is working for your car . 4 . 3rd gear . this one will affect two things ; the first thing being whether or not you can hit nitrous with enough grip to launch you forward without peeling out too much causing you to be left behind . the second thing you need to watch for is whether or not your android drag racing car is powerful enough to launch you to 4th gear in an extremely short amount of time . try to set it to 1.7 . note that this setting may change lower or higher according to ypur car 's power . 5 . 4th gear . again , depending on what car you have will depend on which setting this gear will have . this gear should be set a bit lower than the third gear , so set it around 0.3-0.5 . 6 . 5th , 6th , and 7th gears . i’ve noticed that these upper gears will make the difference in the top speed your car reached during the race combined with the final drive setting . i tweak the settings very minor . i’ll first save my best test race settings under the presets screen for whichever race i’m tuning for ( 1/4 mile or ½ mile ) . once it’s saved , then i can slowly tweak my higher gears one at a time along with the final drive and see which changes pushes my car to a higher top speed . you’ll notice some gradual changes will make a very big difference on your race times . hard to give an exact number here , sorry .
the console version have exclusive and new features like new armors , weapons , monster and item . monster : ocram ( final boss in the console version ) weapons : tizona vulcan repeater tonbogiri armors : dragon armor titan armor spectral armor item : soul of blight found in terraria wiki , a page with " features found exclusively in the console version of terraria " console terraria
no , the game collects all the xp and triggers all level ups when you enter the skilltree screen . i personally have never heard of a mod that would allow that either
i tried this on easy after accumulating a tons of money with banana bank . the key here is you use monkey temple . how would you use it ? well , you sacrifice 30k worth of cannon , 30k worth of ice , 30k worth of glue , 30k worth of wizard . some says you got to put some mortar too in exchange of some of the cannons . make sure the upgrade of the sacrifices vary . please correct me if i am wrong . now , the temples will shoot rockets . the rockets hit zomg really hard . in fact , at the end levels , ( 150+ ) , those 4 temples are the only one remotely cost effective against zomg . i played till level 150 . nothing else works . i tested this in sandbox and one of this temple can destroy a whole 200 zomg send concurrently . i have heard snipper can take out zomg in 20 hits . do not know that . without splash damage , they can not kill infinite numbers of zomg .
rotating is effectively moving between points of interest on the map - this could be bomb sites , hostage locations , locations where a team mate just died , or other mission objective . it is not specific to counter strike . use the following map of de_dust2 as an example ; while the routes may not be exact , rotating on this map would generally indicate moving between the bomb sites marked with red x 's .
in a normal play through , regardless of difficulty and/or iron man-ability , you will reacquire the former equipment of dead soldiers , even if no one makes it back to the skyranger . in perusing the game 's . ini files however , folks have found many references to a " second wave " mode , which is made up of optional elements that sometimes radically alter the gameplay . one of these optional elements , " total loss " , does exactly what you were wondering about - prevents the posthumous recovery of your soldier 's armaments . unfortunately , you will have to beat the game on impossible to make it available as an option .
i do not think it serves any purpose at all other than giving you a direction towards your next marker , as far as leveling , i would assume you would get a few minor points for using the spell , but not necessarily for the spell affecting anything and giving you a damage bonus
apparently there is a bug that caps your combined guitar and bass scores at 1 billion . each will increase just fine until they sum to 1,000,000,000 , at which point increasing one subtracts from the other . by reports , it sounds like the bass score will not decrease , only the guitar score .
if you open map > map options . . . then go to the texture tab , then you can change the tileset . note that changing the tileset will wipe the undo history .
they changed the rules in november to restrict sharing from 5 devices down to 2 . if you purchased content after november 18th , then these new rules are in effect . to deactivate a console , visit this page , which contains detailed instructions for both ps3 and psp . if you have got the ps3 you wish to deactivate , the instructions are : from the xmb , choose playstation network and then sign in . choose the account management option choose system activation choose ps3 system choose " game " choose deactivate system this system is now deactivated . if you do not physically have the console you wish to deactivate , you can do so via the web . detailed instructions for this process are on this page . essentially you will need to log in to the psn website , then go to account , then choose media and devices , and from there you can deactivate all of your devices . note that you can only do this once every six months and it appears from their help pictures that it will deactivate all the devices on your account .
first off , you should ensure you are running the appropriate java version . if you are a 64 bit machine then make sure you have the latest 64 bit version . if you are 32 bit then get the latest 32 bit version . that being said , it is quite possible that you need to allocate java more memory . vanilla minecraft should run no problem on the default 1 gb of memory but if you install mods , that quickly becomes too little . if you are on linux ( and probably works on mac os too ) then simply put the flag '-xmx2g ' into the java command you start minecraft with . this particular flag puts 2 gigabytes ( hence the 2g ) , if you wanted 3 gigabytes you would use '-xmx3g ' . if you are on windows , then this guide should help you . if you are running vanilla minecraft and still get low fps after giving it more memory it would be helpful for you to post your system specs ( cpu , memory speed , memory amount , etc ) as well as anything else you have tried already .
alas , there is no hope : whole diablo ii battle .netaccounts expire after three months of inactivity . 1 2 once expired , the username is available for others , and your details are deleted in the next maintenance cycle . new b .netaccounts need two hours of use in the first 48 hours to activate . new characters need two hours of use in the first ten days to activate . individual characters expire after 90 days of inactivity ( not performing an in-game action ) . 3 technically , blizzard can purge these characters at any time , but they have been lax 4 —expired characters are available on your account until another player recycles their names , or your d2 b .netaccount is deleted altogether . 5
you will want to have weapons that specialize in melee attacks and weapons that specialize in ranged attacks . for both types of weapons , you will want as high of a rating for its given damage type as possible ( 6 stars if possible ) ; do not worry about the other damage type . overall defense and health modifiers are always very helpful too . remember that higher value weapons are not always more useful , and enemies will get more points for killing you when you have a higher value weapon , so you want to balance power and value . for ranged weapons , most players prefer staffs . staffs and clubs are good choices for sniping , while palms , orbitars , and bows are good choices if you want high homing ability . charged shot and continuous fire modifiers are great for ranged weapons . full-health boosts can be good if you plan to shoot from afar . shot homing and shot cancellation are extremely helpful , but remember that shot homing modifiers will not help weapons that have no inherent homing ability . for melee weapons , most players choose claws . claws are great for melee because they hit faster than any other weapon type , and also give you a speed boost . arms and clubs can be good for dealing a lot of damage in a short time , but will not give you the speed boost and constant hits that claws will . obviously , you will want melee combo +4 and melee dash attack +4 modifiers . other especially useful modifiers include freezing , petrification , stamina , and speed bonuses . see icarus wiki 's weapons pages for individual weapons . there is a lot of useful information there for deciding which weapon you want to use , but it is not complete . as for powers , you will want to pick ones that work well with your weapon , but also ones that you like playing . i personally love destructive powers such as mega laser or explosive flame . for ranged weapons , homing boost , quick charge , and slip shot are very useful . if you are using a club for ranged attacks you should try invisible shots too , so your enemies do not see your shots coming . for melee weapons , black hole is great for holding your enemies in place while you wail on them , as are paralyze attack and petrify attack . interference , darkness , and transparency can help you sneak up on them without being seen . tirelessness is invaluable when it comes to engaging and disengaging combat . playing dead is especially fun to use when fighting another melee player .
near agrippa , there is a trapdoor in the ceiling that you can open . you can hear the sound of moving machinery coming from it . find something to stand on to reach it . inside , you will see some gears and you have to slide one of them into contact with the others . this enables the levers which you can then use to open up access to two new areas where you can find the pieces of the orb .
for a permanent change , you can use the construction set to change the setting fencumbrancestrmult ( click new plugin , no need to load the . esm , -> gameplay menu at top -> game settings -> scroll down to fencumbrancestrmult click it and change the value in the box on the right -> save your plugin and check its box in the game launcher . ) which is a float that multiplies your strength to give your max encumbrance . default value is 5 , meaning 5*str=encumbrance . change it to , say , 10 to have double encumbrance .
you are probably missing this one since he is hardest to find . he is marked by red circle on the image . go to the bus stop ( near southpark sign ) , then go left over the road , where you will see girl on the bench , you will see few trees near her . now if you go behind those trees you will see that there is a hidden path through the fence , follow the mud road and you will find them . others can be found : to the right of the kennys house , near a car . in the back of a u-stop truck ( parked in front of u-store-it ) . 4 of them are in the sewers , you can access them after the abduction . or just watch the video to see all 7 exact locations .
this symbol means that those player can participate in clan 's war , the other players who do not have it are spectators and they can not participate in war . the logic behind that is like this : if a player join your clan after you started the war they will become a spectator and will not be able to actively participate in the clan war . if your clan members are more than enemy 's clan , the players who have lowest trophies will become spectator so both clans have the same number of members ( e . g 30 vs 30 or 45 vs 45 )
the two linked articles in the comments combined show how to enable cheats in commander keen - the steam tutorial shows how to enable those cheats in 4 - 6 , and the question linked " how do i turn on god mode int he first commander keen " explains how to turn on cheats for games 1 - 3 . however , the definitive answer can be found here , for all versions and all methods necessary for turning cheats on in all the classic commander keen games . note that on steam specifically , for the later episodes , you must first input [ a ] [ 2 ] [ enter ] , holding down all at once , or the cheats will not work . direct from that article , here 's how to activate cheats . cheats for episodes 1-3 the key combinations need to be pressed at the same time . [ c ] [ t ] [ space ] - gives pogostick , all keycards , and full ammo . [ shift ] [ tab ] - pass through an unplayed level on world map . [ g ] [ o ] [ d ] - will put your keen in god mode and will give you a jump cheat . cheats for episodes 4-6 the key combinations need to be pressed at the same time . some versions might require pressing [ a ] [ 2 ] [ enter ] before using cheats . [ f10 ] [ g ] - god mode [ f10 ] [ i ] - free items [ f10 ] [ j ] - jump cheat [ f10 ] [ n ] - no clipping [ f10 ] [ y ] - view hidden areas in the level . [ f10 ] [ b ] - set border color ( 1-15 ) [ f10 ] [ c ] - show number of active/inactive objects in the level [ f10 ] [ d ] - record a demo [ f10 ] [ e ] - end the current level [ f10 ] [ m ] - display memory usage [ f10 ] [ s ] - slow motion [ f10 ] [ t ] - sprite test [ f10 ] [ w ] - warp to any level [ f10 ] [ y ] - reveal hidden areas
i have been unable to locate barla von . after completing priority : citadel ( third iteration , where you meet with the asari councilor ) , the quest has become grey , indicating that it is no longer possible to complete . i conclude that citadel : barla von cannot be turned in after the citadel attack .
pretty much anything . when you use it , you basically cease to exist for half a second . during this time , shaco is completly invulnerable to any damage . so if you time it exactly right , you can even dodge targeted abilities , like caitlyn 's or darius ' ultimate . you also will not take damage from dots and persistant aoe attacks durning the duration , but this is less useful , because of the short duration of the effect - you will dodge one tick at most . for other types of untargetability see : http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/untargetable
there are a few things that you can do to kill a void ray rush , mass stalkers that target fire can counter his void rays . just shift+right-click his void rays and they will drop like flies . if you let him get that many void rays then it is your fault he wins , if you scout early that he is going void rays just 4 gate him . he will have a tough time holding against you . most protoss players should have this build in their toolbox all the time , though higher ranked/skilled players will know how to hold it off properly . watch this video about pylons and probes to be able to macro up effectively . your macro can beat him straight up , even if he cannons in . immortals destroy cannons so you can get a few of those and break him . or you can abuse the fact that he only has cannons up front and use a warp prism in the back/side of his base and just warp in a bunch of stalkers and destroy the inside . if he goes that defensive you can also abuse the fact that he will not be expanding and expand quickly . get up another base quickly and out produce him . because he is so heavily invested in static defenses he will not have a big mobile army . that means you can freely and for the most part , safely expand . just make sure you know where he is at all times . a few observers outside his base can be very handy .
you do not have to wait at all if you are not currently engaged in a co-op game . just log out and log in . when the world is re-created , all of the vendors will restock ! ( n . b . , this will regenerate all random areas , destroying any loot you might've left on the ground on the other side of your town portal ( along with the portal itself ) , so make sure you have cleaned up and are ready to hop a waypoint and reeler to wherever you left off . )
you have to hold the button , and you can not stiff arm someone and protect the ball at the same time . you have to pick , attempt to break the tackle , or play it safe , take the tackle and not risk a turnover . i generally do not use it because fumbles are a lot rarer than successful stiff arms .
cactus must be placed in sand , and not adjacent to another block . diagonally adjacent is okay . it will grow even in complete darkness , and does not need water .
the piss is red/brown , which means the sniper is either pissing blood or he has stool in his urine , which both means he is quite sick/dying , hence the consoling .
i have played pe a lot and have a rough idea of the radius of monster spawning . i think that in pe , monsters can not spawn in a radius of about 15-20 blocks and the zone of monsters not able to spawn is about . . . 60 blocks after the normal no monster spawning radius . note that this information may not be very accurate and uses rough estimates by the looks from where i am .
update : as of 2013-12-10 , a hot fix has been released that resolves this issue . related changelog : gaige 's interspersed outburst no longer prevents critical hits from registering . before that hot fix , here 's a workaround : i found this post at the steam forums that explains what may be the cause of the game not registering the headshot if playing as gaige ( my kingdom for a wand help | steamcommunity . com ) : i had the same issue and had to respec because there is a bug with the interspersed outburst skill in the little big trouble tree . the crits simply do not get registered and you are stuck shooting the orc in the face over and over again . if you have a point in intersepersed outburst , you might want to respec to remove that skill and finish that mission . also , try not to use elemental weapons or weapons with splash damage , to avoid the magical orc dying by elemental dot or splash damage instead of the critical hit .
just open up the console . click on his corpse ( you should see his ref id show up as a text string ) and enter the command resurrect
kirby 64: the crystal shards is listed in project 64 as " issues ( plugin ) " because , according to the game faq included with the emulator : missing life meter ( eggs ) on hud - we have heard from users that after the first boss the meter is displayed normally . or the problem may come and go at different points in the game . exact cause is uncertain , very likely something in the core . project64 2.0.0.6 beta fixes this issue , but you will have to be a donor to download the beta . if you do not want to spend $20 , then mupen64 will fix the issue . as for the controls , kirby 64 is one of the oddballs that uses the d-pad instead of the control stick . if you are having trouble with all the other buttons , check out nrage 's input plugin .
in addition to using the various pumps from industrialcraft , redpower , and buildcraft , what i usually do in my quarries is place a water source block in one of the top layers that are mined out . as the quarry keeps mining the water will fill the entire surface of quarry and will instantly transform any lava to obsidian , which can be mined out without problem , and when the quarry is done you can remove the water with a single bucket . if the quarry has already mined far down and is stuck on the lava putting a source block in the center of the lava ( or multiple blocks in multiple places if it is a really big lava source ) will also do the trick rather fast .
you can collect coins after you die . the game tracks how many coins you collected . you can collect spin tokens after you die . the game tracks how many times this happens . you cannot collect vehicle powerups after you die . i have just managed to pass squarely above one using a post-mortem nuke ; nothing happened . unfortunately it happened too quickly for me to grab a screenshot . you can see these numbers under the death portion of your statistics in the stash .
you cannot . however , you still get 1 bux if they escape . catching them gives 2 . this changed with the imperial levels update .
yes and no . there are a couple of different places that give an overview of your cities . if you click the change info panel in the top-left , and from there open the city list , you can get a quick listing of all the cities in your empire : from here , you can also click to open the economic overview , which is also a per-city view of things . unfortunately , while these are both useful overall views of your cities , neither one lists the resource each city is demanding . the best way i have found to get that information is to go down through the city list info panel , clicking each city one by one ; this opens the full management screen for that city , with a section saying exactly what resource they are demanding right in the center . note what it is , hit esc to get out of that screen , and click on the next one . it is tedious , but generally works out alright . for truly large empires where it gets time-consuming , there are often only a few luxury resources not already available anyway . since cities can only demand a luxury resource you are missing ( well , unless there are none missing , of course ) , you will usually start seeing the same few resources pop up over and over pretty quickly .
from the far cry wiki , as well as personal experience : buddies have only 3 lives . during the fourth attempt to revive them , the player can only mercy kill them ( either via syrette overdose or gunshot ) . if you want josep to live , you may need to restart the mission or reload from a save further back . long-term , you may want to start thinking about getting a new best buddy .
there is no stamina bar , the only exception is when you do the triathlon race . one way to find out when you are running low on stamina before starting losing health during " normal " activities it is by looking at the health bar , it starts flashing before starting draining your health .
it all started with this tweet from rockstar official support : for optimal performance , we recommend not installing that disc . we will have more info on our support site at launch . in their official support page they wrote : i know grand theft auto v has an 8 gb mandatory install . if i want to install the play disc too , through xbox home ( dashboard ) , is that possible ? for optimal performance , we recommend only installing the install disc , and not also installing the play disc to the xbox 360 hard drive or usb drive via xbox home ( dashboard ) . you will be prompted to install the install disc the first time you boot the game .
you can use : -killall : kill all creeps on the map -killsent : kill all sentinel 's creeps on the map -killscourge : kill all scourge 's creeps on the map -spawnoff : disable the spawn of creeps however these commands will only work in single player mode . which means you can not go in local area network , create a game of dota and use them . you have to go in single player > cutsom map ( i dont remember the menu 's name exactly ) and then play a dota where you will be able to disable creep spawn . at the very beining of the game : type -test ( press enter ) > then type the game mode ( -ap , -sd or even -ardmemomnpfr if you feel like it ) > finally use -spawnoff the spawnoff command have been added in the 6.66 patch and you have here a list of all the commands you can use
the idea is to prevent the enemy access to airplanes and a mobile spawn point . since its single player , the ai is not smart enough to move the ships or use the guns/planes very effectively .
16 seems to be the max . credits to /r/starcraft
from gamestop : grand theft auto v gamestop exclusive collector 's edition full retail copy of grand theft auto v ( includes gta v online ) collectible steelbook with exclusive artwork - features custom color and metallic treatments to bring out the detail of the michael , trevor and franklin artwork created exclusively for this steelbook blueprint map - exclusive , 21.5" x 26.75" map displays a blueprint view of los santos and blaine county special ability boost - michael , franklin and trevor each have a unique special ability . with this boost , the special ability bar will generate 25% faster stunt plane trials - single-player stunt plane trials let players take on additional aerial challenges spread throughout los santos and blaine county bonus outfits , tattoos and more - michael , franklin and trevor get bonus outfits in their wardrobes , character specific tattoos at tattoo parlors , and special deals from shopkeepers across los santos and blaine county additional weapons - when visiting ammunition stores in single-player , merchants will have special weapons in their inventory available for free : the pistol . 50 , bullpup shotgun and melee hammer . grand theft auto v security deposit bag with logo key - inspired by the heists in grand theft auto v , this custom 10.75" x 8.5" money bag features a pop-up style lock and laser cut logo key to secure important items . the reverse side features a pressed rockstar games logo on the security mount with a framed id window grand theft auto v new era 9fifty snapback cap - this exclusive new era 9fifty cap features an embroidered los santos logo on the front , a stitched , black rockstar games logo on the wearer 's left side , a grand theft auto v ' logo applique on the opposite side , and snapback closure for an adjustable fit custom characters for grand theft auto online - get classic grand theft auto characters to use within the grand theft auto online character creation system unique vehicles and garage property - players will instantly receive a garage to store custom vehicles . in single-player , the garage will be stocked with the 1930 's style hotknife hotrod and the carbonrs sports bike . in grand theft auto online , players will get the high-end khamelion electric car . grand theft auto ( regular version ) full retail copy of grand theft auto v ( includes gta v online ) two sided map of the los santos and blaine county also note the price difference between both versions , subject to vary
while in game , hold down tab . then use the numbers 1 , 2 , and 3 to change which upgrade tree you are on .
in the alchemical laboratory , i have a tendency to plop a slice n ' dice right where i marked it on the map here in red , on top of the chest spawn . i have found that it easily takes care of all the enemies spawning from the east door . the chest has always spawned , even with my tower right on top of the spawn area . as long as you are able to touch the chest , you should be able to open it . sometimes i had to shimmy around my tower a little , but i was always able to access the chest . based on this experience , i would say that no , placing a tower on top of a chest spawn will not prevent it from spawning , it will just make it more difficult to open .
that is phosphora （エレカ ereka ) from kid icarus : uprising . and , quoted from that wiki page : phosphora is confirmed to appear as a trophy in the upcoming super smash bros . for nintendo 3ds/wii u .
devastation simply means an overkill . in other words , it is when the amount of damage you do during a killing blow is much larger than the remaining hp on an enemy . this causes a devastation . i am not aware of any effect it has on the gameplay though . pretty sure it always kills a mob as it is one of the prerequisites of devastation . i have never seen it otherwise . i also believe it is only possible on the main character .
you will not be able to re-download them , or play any games that you had previously downloaded and installed via playstation plus . if you try to download any of the games from your download history , it will not work . however , if you later decide to renew your subscription , these games will become available for use again . they are even re-downloadable , as long as you added the games to your cart and successfully checked out before their free offer period passed . q : how long do i get to keep the games in the instant game collection ? a : games in the instant game collection are free to download with a plus membership . as long as you are a playstation plus member , you will always have access to any game you have downloaded in the collection , even if you have deleted a game from your hard drive previously . q : if a game rotates out of the collection , can i still download it free with my plus membership ? a : if you did not download the game when it was in the collection , you will not be able to secure your free download . however , if you downloaded when it was in the collection , but it is no longer on your hard drive , you can visit the playstation store and re-download it anytime , as long as you are a member . q : how many times can i download / re-download a game in the instant game collection ? a : you can download a game as many times as you like , even if it is been deleted from your ps3 hdd , as long as you are a plus member . q : what happens to the games i downloaded from the instant game collection if i decide to not renew my membership ? a : you will not be able to access free games downloaded with plus if you choose not to renew your membership . however , if you decide to re-activate your membership , you will once again be able to play all games downloaded from the instant game collection . more information can be found at psn 's support page here .
weapon comparison charts : http://denkirson.xanga.com/756891604/bf3/ http://symthic.com/?s=bf3 each site has forums with more discussions on the subject . there really is not a " best gun " , it depends on your play style , your class and in the end what you are comfortable playing with .
civilization 5 does not yet support play by email however , they would like to add it soon . source about a month after release , we’re going to add pitboss . pitboss will be accompanied by two extraneous modes that we weren’t originally planning , but the fans keep asking for : play-by-mail and hot-seat . a quick search of the manual shows the only play modes supported right now are : local area network internet/steam now you are thinking you can just start a multiplayer game and email the save file ? there is a big problem preventing that : simultaneous turns games a multiplayer game is a “simultaneous turns game . ” in this style of game , you and your opponents take their turns simultaneously . everybody moves units , conducts diplomacy , maintains their cities all at the same time . when everybody’s done everything they want to do , the turn ends and another begins . you can use a turn timer when playing in this format as well . simultaneous turns games can be a whole lot of fun , but they’re not for everybody . we recommend that you get a bunch of practice in turn-based civ v before you jump into a simultaneous game . you will not both be able to take turns . as far as i can tell , you will have to wait till they add support .
are you sure the cd is even checked , i.e. it starts spinning ? some games are sensitive to presence of multiple drives ( especially virtual drives , which are often used to play pirated images of games ) and require the cd to be included in the first letter drive ( e . g . d : ) . if spellforce employs starforce , an os restart is needed after the game ( and starforce along ) is installed , to have the copy protection check work properly . [ wildly illegal and unacceptable " promoting piracy and offering solutions to circumvent piracy a violation of your eula " stuff was here , removed so answer will not get pummeled again ]
if you go all the way back to the login screen , there is a cinematics button . you do not even need to log in . if you can not see some cutscenes ( possibly due to a corrupted/missing cinematics file ) , this thread details a workaround that unlocks all of them : open my documents\diablo iii\d3prefs . txt ( for win7/vista , not sure where it is in xp or os-x ) in notepad and change the " playedcutscene " lines to ( or add them if they are missing ) playedcutscene0 "31" playedcutscene1 "31" playedcutscene2 "23" playedcutscene3 "143" also right-click the file and check the properties so it is not set to read only for some reason . note that this unlocks all cinematics so if you do not want to spoil anything do not watch them all : ) make sure the game is closed before you do this .
in the character screen directly below the character model is a bar that shows the approval : if you hover over that bar you get a general description and an exact numercial value .
try these : compatibility modes setting the game to run in compatibility mode can help fix many issues with launching and playing the game . to do this , right-click the . exe , open properties and set the game to run in windows xp sp2 or windows xp sp3 compatibility mode from the compatibility tab . desktop composition some problems can be caused in windows 7 and windows vista by having desktop composition enabled . to turn this off , check the ' disable desktop composition ' option from the compatibility menu ( right-click . exe > properties > compatibility ) . source : pc gaming wiki , " rollercoaster tycoon " article
i do not think its windows 7 actually . the scrolling glitch is something that happened back in the xp days as well . do you have a zune ? a lot of people who have experienced the scrolling glitch have had zunes , and after uninstalling the zune drivers and software the problem has been fixed . another fix that used to work for people was powering off the computer , unplugging all peripherals , then once you get to the desktop/login screen , plug them all back in . you might try that as well .
you should upgrade your ship , especial with extra guns ( to get greater damage ) , reinforced hall ( to increase health of the ship ) and fire bombs . if you will not do those things then the mission will be much harder , as the men-of-war greatly overpower your not upgraded ship , the mission is still doable without the upgrades , but is much harder . there are 2 possible tactics here : the " head on " tactic : simply get close and bomb the sh*t of them , for this tactic , the fire bombs are a must upgrade , as they cause a lot more damage than the normal cannon balls . however , the fire bombs have a reduced range and you have to come closer to the ships , which means greater risk . the second tactic involves stopping the men-of-war and then finding a nice safe spot to stand and bomb them . this requires using chain shots to shoot down the ships masts until they are unable to move and become a sitting duck . this tactic requires more time , patience and skill to execute , but is more suitable if you do not want to upgrade your ship . as a general tip , you should practice . if you are not yet very good with avoiding damage from enemy cannon fire , navigating the ship or shooting your cannons , you should do the other naval missions , or replay previous missions , to increase your skill in high-seas warfare .
it is quite a straightforward and well known weakness of magicka 's design - the steam/lightning/arcane beam . i am also reasonably sure that since lightning gains the great bonus from wet targets , having it on three instances instead of two would give you a slightly more effective beam . id est , steam+lightning+lightning+lightning+arcane or " qfaaas " .
pull - grabs the shield out of an enemy 's hands , leaving them exposed . stasis bubble - stasis bubble ( level 6 stasis upgrade ) will cause an enemy to drop their shield . sometimes they seem to block the initial hit , but as soon as they move at all , they get caught in the bubble trap and the shield falls . armor piercing ammo / piercing mods / widow , black widow , and javelin sniper rifles - ammo , mods , and weapons that provide an armor-piercing capability allow you to fire through a riot shield ( and other light cover ) . the m-98 widow , black widow , and javelin sniper rifles have armor-piercing rounds by default ( no ammo or mods necessary ) . in multiplayer , armor-piercing rounds can be purchased at the store and equipped on the " equipment " screen . well-aimed headshots - the cerberus guardian 's riot shield has a view slit right at head level , and you can shoot through the slit and score headshots if you have got good aim and an accurate weapon . the " mail slot " achievement/trophy is awarded for killing 10 guardians in this fashion . singularity - if you aim above or to the side of an enemy holding a shield , sometimes you can get a singularity to " curve " and hit the enemy from the side or behind , avoiding their shield . the enemy will drop their shield if they are caught in the singularity . it is a little tricky , and does not work in all situations , but with some practice it can be effective . forceful attacks - many special powers will cause an enemy with a shield to stumble and lower the shield temporarily , giving you a window of opportunity to shoot them while their shield is not blocking them . includes , but is not limited to : throw , shockwave , charge , nova , concussive shot , etc . . . flank / combat drone - if you and a teammate can flank a enemy with a shield , one of you should have a clear shot - the shield only faces one direction . in the absence of a teammate , a combat drone can be deployed behind or to the side of the enemy to attract their attention .
a way i thought was to take advantage of the fact they are full columns . they connect both the floor and the roof of the caverns . as such , one can channel the columns , assuming there is room in the level above the roof . another method is to build up/down staircases and then carefully designating ( from the top down ) for everything to be removed/channeled . however these methods have different chances of success , and in the most part will result in cave-ins . mining the columns at floor level is a decent compromise , as long as one understands cave-ins . unless someone disables them in the configuration files , cave-ins happen when a wall or floor tile loses connection to any adjacent orthogonal element . dwarves , however , can move in all directions , and so some care should be used when mining columns to prevent mining the floor above the cavern level . another method is more effective , although it requires a new world ( meaning this has to be thought of at start ) . adjusting , in advanced world generation , the cavern layout parameters , namely , setting openness at 100 and density at 0 , will try to create highly open caverns . there is yet another method , albeit more hackish . assuming you have dfhack r3 installed , you can use the tiletypes command to selectively delete the stone columns , although it does require a considerable amount of work . open dwarf fortress and while in pause , go to the offending cavern . from the top down , designate any freestanding column ( without an orthogonal connection to the caverns ' walls ) for mining . do this for every level where there are columns . type the following within tiletypes : filter d 1 paint sh floor paint h 0 range x y z the first command should filter only the wall tiles you selected for digging , the second signals for them to be replaced with floor tiles and the third signals that they should be visible . you can input whatever range you want , although it might be handy if you set a high value for x and y . tiletypes works with the k ( look ) . place it in the lower upper left vertex of the " cube " . press enter and the designated tiles should become floor . unpause and a collapse warning ( along with a good amount of deathly dust ) will appear .
the spell best suited for this is shock pulse with the rune living lightning . the spell has an insane amount of hits/second , however each hit deals low amounts of damage , but it adds up to the same dps as any other spell doing the same amount of weapon damage percentage . combine living lightning with items that improve attack speed and you will fire an insane amount of attacks per second , with each attack producing lots of hits/second . if you fire off several living lightnings , you will regenate 5 flashes of insight in a few milliseconds after you have casted your non-signature spell . the skill : http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/class/wizard/active/shock-pulse a video showing the skill in action : they use shock pulse and living lightning with a rune that reduces cooldowns by 1 second for every critical hit . you gain lots of critical hits with living lightning without critical hit gear , imagine what you get if you gear up correctly ! note : i am not sure the above build works anymore , changes were made recently , but living lightning was unaffected .
found it . to open the recovery menu on most lcfws : hold the r trigger while turning on your lcfw ( useful for when you set your clock speed way too low ) run the launcher twice . through the vsh menu . there is usually an option that says start recover ( this one made me feel stupid > _> ' )
the confusion lies in the fact that there are two different types of power a block can emit . these are sometimes referred to as strong and weak power . weak power is given to a block under the conditions mentioned in the question , by having wire on top of the block or pointing into it . this will unpower torches , extend pistons , play note blocks and turn on lamps and repeaters . strong power is given to a block by having a lever on it , a torch underneath it or a repeater pointing into it . in addition to the abilities weak power has , it will also power redstone dust in an adjacent block .
yes , you can . i can not say if permanently or not , though . my best guess is no . i have just recently lost lydia ( her bed in my house is still " owned " though , maybe i should go look for her . . maybe she needs my help ! ) , one of your first companions . when riding , she frequently started attacking random crabs and thus falling too far behind or her pathing was just so bad that it took her forever to find to me . if you are really attached to your follower , you should play it out and wait for them . you can also tell them to wait for you somewhere , ride to your destination , then use fast travel to get them . lydia simply despawned for me several times when i rode away from her and upon changing the zone she re-appeared every time . but then just recently , she was gone entirely and i can not figure out where she is or if she is even still alive . but that is really my fault i guess .
yes . after completing mass effect 3 you can re-import your shepard after having completed the game . you will retain your level , powers , and bonus powers , your credits , your reputation/renegade/paragon scores , and all weapons , mods and armor . additionally , on repeat playthroughs higher levels of weapon mods are unlocked that are not available on your first attempt to save the galaxy , which is presumably quite helpful for inevitable insanity runs .
no , once the cure is complete the game is essentially over . new infections will not happen , but some will still die off .
countering bloodseeker is a matter of winning the first few levels before he can get his bottle . the typical bloodseeker build is qb+stout shield+healing salve . assuming you are a ranged hero , trade as much damage as you can as soon as possible . if he ignores you and goes for last hits , you can pound him harder than he regenerates . after you have done this twice , he is out of regen and too low on health to come to the creep wave . if you are a melee hero , you will have a bit harder of a time because you will take a lot of creep damage doing this , but the same concept applies . if you let him get an early bottle or boots or a few extra levels and extra points in blood bath , winning the lane becomes significantly harder . instead , you need to take whatever damage he and the creeps deal to you and harass him for all it is worth , as you can be safe in the knowledge that he has no surprise spells to pull on you ( other than a 120 damage dot which just allows you to hit him harder ) . abuse creep aggro constantly . when the bloodseeker goes in for last hits , draw the creep aggro on purpose by right clicking him and then backing off . this will cause his creeps to harass you and your creeps to chase those creeps . you can then drop the aggro , step in front of the wave , and deal extra harass damage if he goes for the last hit , or simply mess with his timing and then deny the creep . if he tries to trade with you , just micro well and this is exactly what you want because you have adequate regen where he is relying on a single salve to last him until his bottle . as a melee hero , bloodseeker needs to have a health buffer to go for last hits , because you can kite him as he tries to run out of range and hit him 4-5 times if necessary . if you are a melee hero , it is a bit different . you have to be equally aggressive in trading harass but you also have to expend mana ( if you are a melee hero without a nuke you probably should not be mid in the first place ) to force him off the wave . this is actually usually really easy . bloodseeker is a very weak hero : his only strength is his silence which can be useful against heroes that rely on mobility spells . in order to counter him , all you have to do is carry a tp scroll . if he uses his ultimate on you and there is no tower close by to retreat to , you just tp away . he can not stop you , and has wasted a lot of time and effort ganking that he can not afford to as a carry . alternatively , you can just dual lane mid and he automatically loses the lane badly , usually even if an ally comes to make it a 2v2 . specific heroes can also beat bloodseeker 1v1 without any real effort in solo mid simply because they are much stronger heroes or have strong slows to force him off the creep wave : venomancer viper ancient apparition tiny sand king ( level e ) templar assassin luna stormspirit lich warlock night stalker batrider i would link to a couple of replays but i literally have not seen a bloodseeker in weeks because the hero is just terrible once people learn to always carry tp 's . edit : i finally came across a bloodseeker ! https://dotabuff.com/matches/59506284
using the internet wayback machine http://web.archive.org/web/20110802061034/http://www.heartofiowa.net/~jeff_gitt/ddo_calcs/calculator.html
some ps2-like controllers have been found to work with the ps3 ( mostly the logitech ones ) but there is no guarantee that any certain third party controller would work with the ps3 unless it is specifically stated to have ps3 support .
your vision is shared with all of your allies , so yes , your allies can see invisible units with track on them .
according to the puzzle and dragon 's offical faq ( eu edition ) , it is apple only : http://www.gungho.jp/eu/pad/faq/en.html the game can be played using the following devices : [ app store ] iphone/ipod touch/ipad using ios5.1 or higher . we cannot guarantee a quality play experience on devices other than recommended ones . only for officially-released oses . the official facebook page has the same information : https://www.facebook.com/puzzleanddragonseurope
personally i think getting a second rabadons is a bad choice . there are other items that give a lot of ap ( close to 120 ) plus you get lots of other stuff as well ( for example deathfire grasp which gives you 100 ap and 15% cooldown reduction and a great active which is like one extra spell ) . the reason rabadons is so great is not the 120 ap . it is the passive . so in my opinion you do not have to get into the whole magic resistance vs magic penetration calculation . if your dilemma is second rabadons vs void staff - just go void staff . but if you want a truly damage based comparison overlooking every other aspect of the game lets do some math using this website : http://idunnolol.com/lol/calculator.html if you have base magic damage - 300 ap - 120 ( rabadons ) ap scaling - 1.8 spell cooldown ( secs ) - 5 magic resistance - 100 you will get damage on hit - 258 with void staff you got 35% magic pen so you get 65 magic resist and 70 ap so you have base magic damage - 300 ap - 70 ( void staff ) ap scaling - 1.8 spell cooldown ( secs ) - 5 magic resistance - 65 and you get damage on hit - 258.1818181818182 so its even when the opponent has 100 magic resist . if he has more magic resist void staff beats rabadons if he has less rabadons beats void staff also if your spell has more ap ratio than 1.8 rabadons wins if your spell has less ap ratio void staff wins . you can do the math for any spell you want . but if you dont need void staff then i still insist you get something else instead of rabadons .
skyrim takes place 200 years after the end of the last game , oblivion . because it takes place so far from the rest of the games in the series ( both temporally and geographically ) , there are few characters or locations that are relevant to any of the past games . that does not mean that skyrim has nothing to offer the stalwart elder scrolls fan , though . the dark brotherhood , for instance , a player-joinable group of assassins-for-hire , returns in skyrim , as do the daedric princes ( or at least minor shrines devoted to them , manned by their followers . ) even alduin , the big-bad of skyrim shows up in the lore of previous elder scrolls games , though the rest of the empire thinks he is the aedra akatosh . ( he is actually his firstborn son ) if you are looking for a general history of tamriel , the realm in which the elder scrolls takes place , the uesp has you covered there too . but most of that is ancillary to the game itself . skyrim was not designed as the 5th game in an ongoing series , but as a game able to stand on its own two feet . even if you have never set foot on nirn before , skyrim will welcome you into its lore all the same !
it is actually possible to break bedrock using dark oak trees . this is only advisable for the nether ceiling as it does not involve falling into the void . once you are on the ceiling ( using ender pearls thrown up from as high as you can get in the nether ) grow a dark oak tree . mine out the first level of trunk and plant four more saplings and bonemeal them . if you are lucky , the tree will grow downward and take out some bedrock . you might have to play around with it a bit to get a hole that works for you , but if you stick with it , you can get what you want . this trick should work fine for bedrock in other places too , but it is pretty hard to be very precise , and it really only works for bedrock below the level of the saplings .
there are two types of runes : temporary and permanent . temporary runes ( perun , svarog , vodon ) are consumed on use and give a bonus to your weapon for a period of time ( i believe 24 hours ) . to use them , just right click and then select your sword ( note that they can be used on either your steel or silver sword ) . permanent runes ( sun , moon , earth ) are used to create a new silver sword . to do this you will need to collect at least 3 permanent runes and then talk with a blacksmith . you will then be presented with the usual trading ui , where you will be able to see the sword ( s ) that can be created with the runes you are carrying . each permanent rune will bestow different abilities on the resulting blade , so if you bring 5 permanent runes , you will be able to see a number of swords created by the various combinations and choose the one you want . do not worry too much about saving up your runes for the best possible time , since you will eventualy earn a sword that is much better than any you could create . see weapon selection and rune/meteorite use in the witcher .
they are dust bunnies . dust 514 players are in the same universe as eve players , and are shown in local chat with the blue background you observed . take a look at this dev blog for more details about this .
the green number displayed on your mystic ally is the number of allies summoned .
nope - but missing one is not a big issue at all . important things ( including lore book containers ) are sparkling/glowing anyway .
according to the publisher and microsoft : nope . however , it looks like if you own nascar thunder ( or install the demo ) you can steal one of its files , and the mutant game will work . paraphrased from this forum post and another : open the folder where you installed nascar thunder , copy 3dconfig . exe , paste it in the folder where you installed nascar simracing , and rename it 3dsetup . exe . then run the 3dsetup program . make sure you have downloaded all the upgrades .
every time you level a skill you earn the level you earned in xp to level . skill level earned = xp gained toward next level example : you just earned level 26 in smithing . this will give you 26 points of xp toward your next level . the number of xp to level for a specific level is equal to the following : 25x ( current level - 1 ) +100 = xp to level example : you are level 32 trying to level to 33 . 25x ( 32-1 ) +100= 875 xp required this would mean that you would require 875 xp from leveling skills to reach level 33 . one thing to remember is you will probably almost never start a level at 0 xp because of xp earned from the last level . this means that while 875 xp would be required it will take slightly less than that to actually level . just a notice . . . i did not come up with this information but as far as i can tell it seems exactly correct . i found the information here : leveling information note : i am using the term xp arbitrarily seeing as there is not any place within the game ( that i am aware of ) that actually refers to xp . note 2: i think the difficulty with leveling over 50 is that 50 is not very far from being half way to earning the max number of skill levels earned . i think the number 50 was probably just a rough estimate ( being a " nicer " number than say 53 or something like that ) . also , considering if a player would normally focus on less than half of the skills than after maxing some you would begin leveling lower level skills around this point . this would amplify the perceived needed skill levels to level because you would be gaining less xp toward your next level from these lower level skills . all of these things combined would mean that to a player the perceived xp to level would seem higher . this perception could be offset a bit leveling all of the skills evenly while progressing through the game . though . . . it is still only perception really and it could have other implications like some of your skills being to weak for the current progression point that the enemies are at . as for leveling skills my guess it is probably the same type of linear increase for xp to level but that information would be much more difficult to derive . now . . . if there were only a console command that would spit out these values . edit : more testing since this was not marked as an answer and rightly so . . . i decided to do some testing . . . actually reversing the entire calculation using my skill levels to which . . . in theory . . . should give me exactly what level and how far i am to the next level . though i have no way of knowing exactly what percent i am to the next level . . . judging from how far the bar is . . . it seems exactly correct . to get the the total xp required to reach a level i came up with this additional formula ( which i simplified as much as i could ) : ( n-2 ) ( n-1 ) ( 12.5 ) +100 ( n-1 ) =total xp to level n = level also , to get the base xp you start with in the game ( because skill levels do not start at 0 ) i came up with the value 2815 . so . . . to test with your own character . . . calculate the acquired xp from every skill . add them all together . subtract the starting value ( because this xp did not get earned and did not count toward level 2 ( from starting at level 1 ) . ( skill xp total - base xp ) calculate the amount of xp that was required to get to your current level . . . then calculate the next level . your current xp value should fall between these 2 values . you can also easily calculate the percentage you are to the next level using what you have and compare your calculation to an approximation by looking at your bar in game . just for notes i will also post my scrap notes from my calculations when i did it for my character . 1 skill at 25 325xp x 1 = 325xp 5 skills at 20 210xp x 5 = 1050xp 12 skills at 15 120xp x 12 = 1440xp base xp 2815 16 = 16x17x0.5 = 136 34 = 34x35x0.5 = 595 47 = 47x48x0.5 = 1128 20 = 20x21x0.5 = 210 30 = 30x31x0.5 = 465 16 = 16x17x0.5 = 136 100 = 100x101x0.5 = 5050 22 = 22x23x0.5 = 253 100 = 100x101x0.5 = 5050 100 = 100x101x0.5 = 5050 84 = 84x85x0.5 = 3570 19 = 19x20x0.5 = 190 18 = 18x19x0.5 = 171 74 = 74x75x0.5 = 2775 29 = 29x30x0.5 = 435 16 = 16x17x0.5 = 136 17 = 17x18x0.5 = 153 41 = 41x42x0.5 = 861 26364 total xp 26364-2815 = 23,549 actual earned xp ( n-2 ) ( n-1 ) ( 12.5 ) +100 ( n-1 ) =total xp to level level 41 = 23500xp level 42 = 24600xp another way to compute this : when you try to estimate how many xp you earned from a skill you just need to add each skill level above the starting skill level : exemple : a skill started at 15 and now is 18 so : 18+17+16 = 51xp so now if we consider that we have a skill at n level we have : 1+2+3 . . . +n xp but we need to substract the " starting skill xp " 1+2+3 . . . +15 xp = 120xp if we consider s the starting skill level we obtain : ( 1+2+3 . . . +n ) - ( 1+2+3 . . . +s ) now we know a math formula that will help us : add the n firsts integers is equivalent to ( 1+2+3 . . . +n ) = ( n+1 ) + ( ( n-1 ) +2 ) + ( ( n-2 ) +3 ) . . . = ( n+1 ) * ( n/2 ) so we can replace the approximation formula ( n-2 ) ( n-1 ) ( 12.5 ) +100 ( n-1 ) by ( n+1 ) ( n/2 ) - ( s+1 ) ( s/2 ) which is the exact formula where n is current skill level and s is starting skill level .
within a couple of days , there is no respawn . respawn now takes 30 ingame days , which is longer than in previous es games . you even get a " cleared " marker on the map when you eradicated an area of all its inhabitants for the duration . however , when you have not fully cleared sites , enemies may respawn . i experienced this myself at some fort which name i can not remember right now . i killed 3 of the guys outside , went into a tower inside the fort , came out again and they respawned . by the way , storing stuff inside containers which do not explicitly belong to you ( e . g . stand in your house ) does not seem to be safe . at least one of the loading screens explicitly says that storing anything in " wild " containers does not guarantee for it to be in there when you look for it the next time . one way to find a dungeon which has respawned enemies inside is to accept one of the various kill quests that you can find ( from innkeepers , the dark brotherhood , etc . ) , which will lead you to you to these dungeons . these procedurally generated kill-quests will send you to dungeons where the difficulty inside matches your level , which means that taking one of these at higher levels will have a higher likelyhood of taking you to a more difficult respawn-dungeon .
hold the activate key ( e , ⓧ , or ⓐ by default for pc , ps3 , and xbox , respectively ) . the z key defaults to your dragon shout/racial power on pc . be careful with that .
wii demos can only be downloaded from the wii shop channel . if a demo is no longer in the wii shop , there is no way you can download it .
no . every wii download is tied to its respective console , whether it is free or not .
i really love the naval combat , but you are so busy at times that my answer below might be off a bit . this is how i experienced it . i went for realism and tried to shoot the main mast on the ship with my chain shot . after a while , a mate suggested to shoot the hull . shooting the hull itself does not do more damage , but it gives you an extra chance to get one of those swivel targets that do add a lot to damage . so there is a potential damage increase , but not guaranteed . the bigger the ship ( better armored actually , but there is a correlation ) , the less damage you do on the hull though . the first big spanish ship i had to fight ( i forget its name ) did not take much damage from shooting the hull with the chain shot , but shooting the masts did seem to bring down its turning speed . generally speaking , i like to aim for the masts of ships bigger than the jackdaw , and aim for the hull on the smaller gunboats and the likes .
in the tutorial when the game starts . they explain that the airport is used to move workers from one city space to another . there is a way in the region view to see the flight paths of airplanes between each city . i think you must have at least 2 cities in the region , each with an airport to have workers fly between cities . if you have another player in your region , ask them to make an airport so you can share workers .
the easiest way is to change your system clock . to do that , you need to be offline , and then just go to your settings . during the mission , there is a section near the beginning where you go off of a jump that should net you the achievement fairly easily . all detailed in the guide below .
it happens whenever you play through a level as luigi . it means you have unlocked the developer time trial ghost -- a translucent luigi near the start of the level that races to the end when you get near it . you do not get anything for beating the ghost , however .
what really happens is that nfs the run doesnt work with another joystick connected and logitech g27 . i unplug all my joystick and then just connect the logitech g27 and it works .
the lucky charm perk increases your chance of getting infamous items ( special masks , patterns , colours and materials ) . by how much it increases your chance is not clear , as of yet . there are , however some speculations about it ( see links ) . how useful is lucky charm ? about lucky charm skill
i realize this question is old , but i feel compelled to add in here . in addition to what is already been said ( boost your mr , do not be afraid to over-nuke him to eat past his shield ) , there is the topic of range and escape abilities . mord is a unique melee in that his abilities have some good aoe and range to them , but he suffers the penalty of normal melee characters in that a good ranged will still be able to keep him at bay . characters with long range and/or skill shot abilities like anivia , ezreal , kog'maw or karthus can put pressure on mord very easily during the laning phase , which is where mord tends to establish himself . a character with strong lane presence/harassing ability like nasus , garen , vladimir or fiddlesticks can also hurt mord 's early game by keeping him at the enemy tower where the tower will eat most of the kills . mord also suffers from a distinct lack of escape abilities . ganking mord can be easy with a properly built tank to bait his abilities into cooldown , and then bum rushing him when he has nothing left with which to counter . slows and stuns prevent his otherwise relatively high hp and shield from making a difference , so plan ahead . mord tends to be very item dependent . a tank mord ends up having lower overall damage , while a dps mord ends up having a very low lifepool and no escape mechanisms . putting pressure on him in his lane early game prevents him from racking up too much money ( which is why he was designed with so much aoe ability ) , and thus prevents him from getting his really good items at the proper time which would otherwise allow him to become the " powerhouse " that everyone fears . do not get me wrong , a properly played mord is quite good , and a smart player knows how to balance between him being a tank and a burst dps . but a heavily pressured mord will crumble late game , and a ganked mord will have no chance against the proper lineup .
there is no way to mute a specific user in a steam group call . even blocking the user on steam will not mute the user in the call . the only way to prevent hearing the user is to mute the whole call or leave it .
it highly depends on how you build the champion , but i have seen : tryndamere ( start with agility pot ) xin shao ( start with agility pot ) amumumu olaf more often than not succeed as junglers . there are other heroes who can jungle , but these are particularly adept at it .
the characters looked like ascii character maps ( note the abundance of 32 's which correspond to a space ) so i transcribed the message and wrote a small python script to decode the message : “i just played your game and i would like to say it was the most annoying thing i ever played . it had its cool moments but overall the experience was only of annoyance . the problem is that it does not touch the heart of people . it is a very emotionless game . did you ask any girls to try out your game ? i ask because they are blissfully less logical than us guys . i am very logical myself , but also very emotional , so it was easy for me to find the game annoying . what happened is that your game frustrated me . i felt like i was being taken into someone else 's hallways , doors and plans , to deliver me an experience that did not touch me . and worst of all , i am watching you " - 1112800 this is the text spoken by the narrator from the raphael trailer . i am not the first to discover this ( there are several links in the steam forums when you know what you are looking for ) , but i thought i would share this extra easter egg as a self qa .
the majority of tf2 content by file size is in .gcf files in SteamApps . if you simply copy the source *.tcf and team fortress 2 *.gcf files ( maybe skip the ones with mac in the name… ) over , they will much shorten the remaining download time , and there is no chance of overwriting user data files . steam will automatically verify the files ( that is why “preparing to launch” takes so long ! ) and download the remainder . i have done this myself before , but i forget whether i have done it across platforms . if the files are wrong it should do no harm as steam will make any needed corrections .
according to blizzard : in the xbox 360 and playstation®3 versions of diablo iii , vanquished monsters may leave behind power globes —golden-colored infusions of energy— that you can pick up by moving near them . picking up a power globe triggers a burst of energy that strikes nearby enemies for a percentage of your damage , and also grants you and nearby allies the nephalem glory buff . nephalem glory lasts 60 seconds , after which a secondary damaging energy burst will also be triggered . picking up additional power globes while nephalem glory is active will level up the power of this energy burst by up to three times ; it will also reset the duration of the buff to 60 seconds . picking up health globes will extend the duration of nephalem glory by 5 seconds , and every five health globes will also level up the power of the effect by 1 ( again , up to a maximum of three increases ) . nephalem glory – level 1 - while nephalem glory is active , heroes will deal bonus damage with every attack . nephalem glory – level 2 - with two levels of nephalem glory , heroes will will deal bonus damage that also carries over to nearby enemies with every attack . additionally , heroes gain 10% bonus movement speed . nephalem glory – level 3 - with three levels of nephalem glory , heroes will deal bonus damage with every attack that also carries over to nearby enemies . each hit you land while the buff is active has a chance of creating a damaging explosion . so , it adds bonus damage plus an immediate burst damage and , as it stacks up to three times , it adds speed , chain damage and random burst damage , followed by burst damage when it runs out . it lasts 60 seconds by default , but all orb pickups will act in ways to extend this duration . it drops entirely randomly along with other globes when vanquishing an enemy .
in the vast majority of cases , the enemy weapons room is your highest-priority target . if you can take out their weapons , the only threats they have left are their drones and teleporter , and those are not usually enough to matter . that said , taking down the enemy weapons and keeping them down can be pretty hard near the end of the game . it is often necessary to focus more on the enemy shields and cockpit in order to keep your damage output up , and treat the enemy weapons room as a secondary target . late in the game it can be hard enough to penetrate the enemy defenses that you have to just focus on killing them and hope your own defenses are up to scratch . i would like to give an honorable mention to taking out the enemy medbay when you are using a boarding strategy - a successful boarding kills the enemy so quickly that the enemy weapons are not likely to make much difference , and you usually do not want to be dealing hull damage to the enemy with your crew on board . ( on the flip side , make sure you can fend off a pair of mantis boarders , because unless you have a pre-igniter and focus-fire their teleporter , you are not going to outrace a boarding attack with lasers . )
as far as i can make out they last indefinitly until destroyed . i have had sentry guns last up to 30 rounds before they were taken out . the enemies will target your sentries and this also changes their pathing and stradegy . ive had enemies ignore myself and\or my partner and beeline for my guns attempting to knife them . ( such an attack is an instant kill on your guns and will likely be the way the enemey takes them down ) dogs , it should be interesting to note , dont seem to properly register your sentries , and will often get ' stuck ' on them , running in place until they are shot dead , or you move and the ai for the dog changes its course to run at you . i barely use grenade launcher sentries but the few times i have used them they seemed somewhat decent , if albiet extremly slow to shoot . normal sentry guns however , are golden . brian has his opinion and he is entitled to that , but i have found that s . guns , with proper placement and support , are one of the strongest support equipments available and will more than pay for themselves in short order . note : it is extremely important that you experiment with where you place them . improper sentry placement\support will make them nothing more than an expensive waste of time . this is doubly so for juggernauts who tend to go through sentries like a hot knife through butter . you might want to lead the juggs away from your guns if possible , but the choice is yours of course . edit-afterthought : i should specify that the guns work best when you support them . left by themselves the guns will inevitably get overrun and destroyed , but when you work together with them is when they truly shine .
shield operators gain experience for every shield bubble filled during combat and combat only . i does not matter if the bubble needed to be filled because of enemy fire , asteroids , or even because the shields were manually powered down and up again .
to the best of my knowledge there are only two changes to sectopods , although these are significant : they take half damage , i.e. effectively they have double their previous health like other enemies that do not use cover , they can enter overwatch on the " free " turn when they are discovered . however , some changes to xcom abilities make them more difficult targets : the heavy 's heat ammo now only grants a 50% bonus against robotic enemies ( previously 100% ) the sniper 's squad sight shots can no longer crit ( which used to be rather frequent with improved scope against an enemy out of cover ) so the sectopod has ( effectively ) more health , and xcom 's solidiers can put out less damage . on the other hand , there are a couple of new abilities that can help : the mec 's electro pulse will reliably stun sectopods for a turn , and probably kill any accompanying drones . an extra turn of the enemy not shooting back can often make up for the reduced damage that it takes a well-positioned assault with close and personal can now get in three shots from an alloy cannon in a turn . while this can not kill a sectopod by itself , it can make a very large dent in its health ! there may also have been changes in the ai - anecdotally , it seems that sectopods are more willing to move than they used to be - but there is no way to be sure of this .
all players , as of mists of pandaria , now have their faction included in the tooltip : if you are suitably knowledgeable about armour rewards and looks , you will sometimes be able to tell by the style of armour they are wearing as well .
it depends on what version of dwarf fortress your running , but most likely , if you dig deep enough you will find stone . if you are blocked by an aquifer there will be rock basically directly below it . if you are playing the latest version and there honest to goodness is no rock , you always have a source of magma . dump water on lava , get obsidian .
it'll spread for the most part about 3-6 blocks per day depending on your biome and blocks . and to be honest after hardmode is initiated you do not need the crimson really . so go buy the clentaminator and just . . . well , get rid of it . if you ever need more just buy red solution from steampunker during blood moon and make some : ) solves the pesky hardmode spred problem . quite often a good idea is to make a world that is 100% crimson/corruption and have my home world corruption/crimson free ! if you really are not capable of killing the wof in a day or so ( irl ) then a good idea is to make a 3 block wide helevator on either side of corruption/crimson so that it can not spread ! hope this helped : )
yes , it is possible to get a shiny legendary . for an interactive legendary , the overworld sprite will not reflect the shiny status . it is generated when you initiate the battle , which is why some people save in front of the legendary , battle it , and reset until it is shiny ( a process called soft resetting or sring ) . for a roaming pokemon , the conditions occasionally vary . typically it is set when you first encounter it and it is registered in your pokedex .
this greatly depends on the game itself . certain versions of games are compatible with other kinds , some are not . here 's a list for the xbox 360: region free xbox 360 games the ps3 has no such restrictions , but there are reports of issues with sd televisions .
as of patch 1.05 it is possible to buy the master key from domhnall of zena for 5000 souls , after you beat blightown . there are two items i would suggest : master key : this will allow you to get into multiple places earlier . it is possible to get this , but not until much later into the game ( by which point you may not find a use for it anymore ) . black firebomb : this will allow you to easily kill the asylum demon the first time you see him in the undead asylum . doing so will grant you the great demon hammer . . the consumable items have no importance , and are a complete waste of a starting gift in my opinion , except for the fire bombs . in response to your second question , starting as thief and choosing the master key would result in you having two master keys .
if i remember correctly ; the slim version supports only the ps/x ( 1995-1999 ) version memory cards , not the psone ( 2000-2500 ) version ones . this could be your problem . ( i used to have 2 memory cards , the " hard edged " ps/x one and " round edged " psone card , and only the older blocky card worked on my slim . )
yes , with an xbox 360 wireless receiver . available for about $17 from amazon : http://www.amazon.com/xbox-wireless-gaming-receiver-windows-pc/dp/b000hzfct2
the modern police station gives you copper , and the classic gives you booker as your constable . so aesthetics aside , what you want to do really is choose which of the two you get in town . more info : http://animalcrossing.wikia.com/wiki/police_station
as it turns out the poke radar can be used in flower beds ( just like grass ) . however i made the mistake of keeping my bike turned on which was causing the poke radar to not work ( moms words echoed . . . blah , blah , blah ) .
it is a secret level filled with mooing cows on par with end-game enemy difficulty . they drop unique , set , and magic items , and their king drops a rare item . it is more of a fun easter egg than something to take advantage of . get wirt 's leg on wirt 's corpse in the north while rescuing cain from tristam . finish the game , and return to act 1 on the same difficulty . in the rogue encampment , combine wirt 's leg and a town portal tome in the horadric cube . enter the red portal to moo moo farm . if you want to return on the same difficulty in the future , do not kill the cow king . video :
its rather obvious where to deploy res on a portal - always at maximum range , unless its an active fight and you need to claim the portal before the other guy . as you level up , you have a vast array of resonators ; and might be wondering how best to use them ( other than give extras to your allies , of course ) . i am currently l7 , so the below points are based on l7 player level - adjust as appropriate . characteristics : one l7 by himself can only make l5 portal ( l7 , 2 x l6 , 2 x l5 , 4 x l4 , l3 ) two l7s can make l6 portals ( each deploying l7 , 2 x l6 , l5 ) only 1 l5 is used in above recipe , so any l7 can ' seed ' a portal with l7 + 2 x l6 and a second one can complete it now , as to the actual decision making , its very simple : i always try to place 2 or 3 high level resos when capturing a portal , either opposite sides or roughly a triangle ; and with the highest reso being furthest from any other portals or deep inside a nearby building . 2a . if i see a ' seed portal ' and can farm it for atleast 2 or 3 times , then i will upgrade it to l6 2b . sometimes , i will do this even when i am in a hurry , if i know other resistance agents can benefit and i am not running low on res if its a remote location that will not be farmed , or a highly volatile region where res get blown up immediately in &lt ; 10 mins , then i just deploy my lowest level res to fill the portal ( if i may need it to link , else leave it blank for others to get ap ) ' higher level ' in ( 1 ) does not always mean l7 , for risky portals i may use l6 or l5 resos instead . . . lower level resos also attract less attention until they get fields , since a lower portal can not give high end items ( but it benefits the lowbies a lot ! ) in simple terms , distinguish between ' throwaway ' portals that do not have farm value , and avoid wasting scarce higher end resources on them . meanwhile , any good farmable location should be upgraded always as the roi is well worth the expense .
i am pretty sure the crappy graphics are by design . they are using a lot of sprites so zooming more on them will not improve the quality , just the pixel sizes
mmo-champion has posted this excellent map of the zone flow from 1-85 post-shattering : a more detailed breakdown can be found at wowpedia in short , eastern kingdoms goes tirsifal → silverpine → hillsbrad → arathi → hinterlands → western&nbsp ; plaguelands → eastern&nbsp ; plaguelands → badlands → searing&nbsp ; gorge → burning steppes → blasted&nbsp ; lands . kalimdor goes mulgore/durotar → northern&nbsp ; barrens/azshara → ashenvale → stonetalon&nbsp ; mountains → desolace → feralas → thousand&nbsp ; needles → tanaris → un'goro → silithus . alternately , you can jump off the path after hillsbrad/ashenvale , head to northern stranglethorn , and continue from there into southern stranglethorn , south barrens , dustwallow marsh , before rejoining the kalimdor path at thousand needles . after completing thousand needles or western plaguelands , you again have the opportunity to jump paths , and can follow quests through felwood and winterspring instead , though you may need to hop back to silithius and/or blasted lands to get the last few levels you need before outland if you go that route .
killing key targets will count as kills and will prevent you from getting the ' clean hands ' achivement . all missions , including the ' lady boyle 's last party ' mission , have a non-lethal solution .
i just added -perfs to the shortcut and it displays a ton of what looks like graphics related data , including fps . i did not see ping though . i am not sure what it looked like in guild wars , as i never played it .
according to this page on the official tf2 wiki , medics can earn points by : healing ( 1 point for every 600 health healed ) deploying ubercharge ( 1 point per charge deployed ) this is in addition to the standard ways of earning points for all classes : 1 point for every kill 0.5 points for every kill assist ( as a medic , healing the killer at the time of the kill will usually count as an assist . see this page for more detail ) 2 points for capturing a control point ( on cp maps ) or the intelligence ( on ctf maps ) 2 points for pushing the cart for 10 seconds ( on payload maps ) 1 extra point for defence kills 1 point for destroying enemy buildings 1 extra point for revenge kills 2 extra points for killing a medic who has a full ubercharge
as of patch 2.0 , all items level 1-60 now salvage into common debris ( for white and grey items ) , exquisite essences ( for blue items ) , iridescent tears ( for yellow items ) , or fiery brimstones ( for legendary items ) . any of the old crafting items you had were converted into their equivalent new item . items from level 61-70 turn into reusable parts , arcane dust , veiled crystals , and forgotten souls for white , blue , yellow , and legendary items , respectively .
while in most normal battles , and many early boss battles , heavy offense might work okay , most boss battles and specialty battles ( like the big game at later levels ) are tuned around the use of the sentinel . the first battle where you can see this in action is gogmagog in new bodhum -003 af- . if you have not been grinding cp and you just stick to slash and burn ( com , rav ) assault or double trouble ( com , com ) , the battle is doable , but it is hectic . your hp will dip down significantly every time he uses his " swipe " ability , and if you are not fast enough , you might even need to potion up . but , if you take the half a second to switch to twin shields ( sen , sen ) as his " swipe " ability lands , most of the damage is negated . switch back right after the damage numbers come up and you are back in business . if you juggle properly , the battle is much easier and you will still get a 5-star rating . this same strategy will play out in many , if not all , boss battles : a hectic battle with lots of potting ( or even retries ) becomes much easier if you time a defensive paradigm shift right when the boss is about to unload . the key is that the paradigm system is meant to be used all the time in battle : unless you are grinding , you should be paradigm shifting in a battle a lot to maximize your strengths and minimize your weaknesses . switching to a defensive paradigm for a few seconds will always be much more efficient than trying to recover after a damaging attack by switching to a healing paradigm after the fact . so while you likely do not need a dedicated sentinel , being able to switch to a paradigm just as a really devastating attack hits is a big deal and can make or break a battle , particularly in the later stages of the game . keep a monster with sen in your paradigm pack , and have tortoise ( sen , sen , sen ) in your paradigm deck for those " oh crap " moments . and even in your healing paradigms , taking one slot for a sentinel is not a bad idea : there are only a few things immune to " provoke " , and a sentinel can keep itself alive with " mediguard " ( for when the sentinel starts out at an hp deficit ) and " steelguard " ( for when it does not ) . if you do add a sentinel to your healing paradigms , combat clinic ( med , med , sen ) makes the enemy focus on the sentinel while the other allies heal up , while solidarity ( com , sen , med ) does the same thing , but lets one character focus on maintaining the chain gauge while you recover .
these are guest passes : i had 3 of them in the retail boxed version of the game . each one has a one-time-use code , which allows another person to download the game , and play it with certain restrictions . on the back , it reads : the guest account allows you to play diablo 3 for free up to the skeleton king boss in act 1 . note that certain game features are restricted on guest accounts - to remove these restrictions , please upgrade to the full version of the game . blizzard 's faq on this system says that the guest pass grants you the " starter edition " of the game , and says the following about restrictions : act i up to the skeleton king is available level 13 cap matchmaking available only with other starter edition players no real money auction house access global play is not available . players attempting to connect to diablo iii starter edition in a region other than their battle .netaccount 's home region will receive error 12 . see the global play support article for more information . no guest passes are included with the downloadable version that you can purchase directly from blizzard . some related guest pass questions : do guest pass characters carry through an upgrade to the full game ? does a diablo 3 guest pass let you play with regular players ?
it depends on what game it is . obviously valve 's own games are possible to register on steam . call of duty : modern warfare 2 also comes to mind since that one has to be played via steam . here is a list of all retail games that can be activated on steam : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=7480-wusf-3601
the speed at which skill levels help you gain character levels is proportional to your current skill level - there is a certain amount of " character experience " you gain per skill experience level gained . therefore , getting your alchemy from 20 to 21 will do less for your overall level than getting , say , your archery skill from 60 to 61 . the uesp article on leveling has the formulae for this : xp required to level up your character = ( current level + 3 ) * 25 leveling a skill gives you an amount of xp equivalent to the new level of the skill . all skills level increases gain you character level experience in the same way though , so there is not a " better " or " worse " skill for gaining ranks in in order to level your character . ( this of course ignores the fact that certain skills are easier than others to gain a skill level in . ) since you are dealing with alchemy , the amount of skill experience you gain is tied to the value of the items you create . if you want the fastest skill experience gains , craft the most expensive potions you can , regardless of their effects . for this , i would recommend acquiring giant toes and mix them with blue mountain flowers and blue butterfly wings .
first of all , realize that the complete aldur 's set is a druid only set , so whatever you use with it will become useless later on since you are a paladin . second , the weapon may be a vast improvement , but it is not worth spending a lot of mid-high runes on since its simply not that good . third , for zeal weapons , you want to consider the base weapon speed , the faster the better . aldur 's rhythm with a base weapon speed of 10 is rather slow . a popular yet fairly easy to get zeal weapon would be something like stormlash . so given these , i would just avoid socketing the weapon altogether , or if you must , put in ber runes ( really expensive , and a huge waste imo ) , since crushing blow is very nice to have . for cheaper solutions , just stick in some ptopaz for a little kick in the lightning damage department . oh , and if you do have a mal rune , i would save it for the grief runeword* its the ultimate weapon for a zeal pally . eth for the -25% to target defense , mal for prevent heal perhaps dol for 25% monster flee . if you are having trouble hitting monsters , get yourself a piece of the angelic set the ar boost will solve all your hitting problems , a lot of people like to wear the amulet + 1 ring . and you absolutely do not want monster flee , you are a melee style fighter , why do you want monsters to run away from you ? *ladder only
after speaking with ea customer support it is clear there is no way out . you cannot reset your account . you must spend money to buy packs in order to hopefully fill that roster slot if you do not have the remaining points to acquire someone through other means . the chat support is moderately incompetent so if you are in north america with questions it is highly recommended to call during their primary customer support hours as these individuals seem to have actually played the games where as the online chat support individuals often do not seem to have ever gamed .
later in game with will get easier : you will get a shout called dragonrend , it will bring them down with ease . before that stange , use somekind of magic that seems to lure them , i use a bow most of the times , works for me . i also just try to stay in the same area under where they fly .
sometimes , the answer to your question is provided by mother blizzard itself ( just look at the " advanced " tootip on each ability ) , some other times , they need a little bit of testing . crippling wave - breaking wave ( yes ) : enemies hit by crippling wave take 10% additional damage from all attacks for 3 seconds . inner sanctuary - forbidden palace ( yes ) : i play as a monk since diablo 3 was out , until now . i can confirm that the damage boost is significant , as reported by my fellow players . mantra of conviction - overawe ( yes ) same as point 2 . the mantra makes the monk invaluable for a party , due to its 16% to 20% damage boost ! so the answer is yes , if your enemies are hit by your crippling wave and within your sanctuary and within the aoe of your mantra take 56% up to 60% damage ( if you also activate the active ability of the mantra ) . hope this helps !
i can not give you a specific reference , but every single samsung led tv i have ever seen has a 2ms response time ( we have several of them , ranging from 32" to 50" in our office ) . the " gaming " mode turns off a bunch of the post-processing effects that the tv applies to its image . they are useful for when watching normal tv , but because gaming relies on instant visual feedback , they are disabled in gaming mode .
yes , the axle under the middle square has to be vertical . your adjacent vertical and horizontal axles will not work because you have to use a gear assembly to change the direction of power flow . ( alternately , you can build a gear assembly under the windmill instead of an axle . ) see http://df.magmawiki.com/index.php/df2010:windmill .
all 53 tonics for the tonic collector achievement ( if that is what you are after ) can be collected in a different way other than purchasing it from a gatherer 's garden . here is the complete list + where you can get each one : http://faqs.ign.com/articles/817/817677p1.html oh and answering the question , rescuing them has always been better for me since you get more free stuff + tenenbaum 's help . but that is just me
the pandora crates are randomly generated during a new game . there are a total of 8 crates per game , and they always spawn in pirate sectors . their locations are totally random . and as far as i know , there are no in game hints to their whereabouts . worst yet , some of them may end up being destroyed so you lose the contents . there is a script on the egosoft forms somewhere that can locate them for you , but that will result in having a *modified* game . as a semi-cheat : if you save your game then run the script and write down the coordinates you can then go fetch them without being flagged as such . other than that , i suggest taking a fast m5 ( like a kestrel ) and then run the " map sector " command centered on 0,0,0 with a radius of 200km . keep the sector map open and keep an eye on the list of items , if your kestrel is close enough it'll pop up there as containers . also , someone on the forum noted that some crates might not show up when you are at the coordinates until you drop an advanced satellite nearby .
2.5d usually refers to " gameplay in an otherwise three-dimensional video game that is restricted to a two-dimensional plane . " it can also refer to the viewpoint the player has . such as an isometric-type view on a 3d world . wiki - 2.5d
all i needed to do was open it from the file . the fix was pointless . thanks anyways .
from a reddit thread about stronghold distribution , it was reported that jens ( the development lead on minecraft ) said at pax that strongholds spawn within a 500 block radius , centered around your initial spawn point . as of 1.8 , the number of strongholds spawned per world was increased from one to three , which makes them rare , but not egregiously so like they were in 1.8-pre1 . combined with the 500 block radius spawn parameter , if you do any amount of exploring , you should hit one by sheer dumb luck . if you are impatient , there are alternatives depending on the version of minecraft you are using : beta 1.9 as of 1.9-pre4 , you can use eyes of ender to locate the direction of a stronghold by throwing them up in the air . once thrown , they will change direction to point to the stronghold . example usage from captainsparklez : beta 1.8 there is no in-game way to find a stronghold , but you can use a cartography program like mcmap live ( mac ) or cartograph g ( windows ) ( see also this question for other alternatives ) to look for tell-tale signs of a stronghold : iron bars and bookshelves . here 's a render of a world i just generated , highlighting bookshelves ( click to enlarge ) : the bookshelves are just barely visible at this resolution , but they are marked by the green circles . enhance ! bam , stronghold . the render is from x=-750,z=-750 to x=750,z=750 , so it appears the strongholds are on the very cusp of the reported 500 block radius limit , if not a little outside .
according to the official gta 5 strategy guide , here is a comprehensive list : stamina : this skill is increased by 1% for every 17 meters ( 18 yards ) ran , every minute swam , every minute cycled . participating in triathlons is a great way to increase this ability . shooting : this is increased quicker by landing hits on enemies , scoring headshots and successfully completing shooting range challenges . this skill is increased by 3% for every gold challenge completed , 2% for every silver and 1% for every bronze . strength : this is increased 1% for every 20 punches . playing sports ( golf , tennis , darts ) also increases strength . stealth : this skill is increased by 1% for every 45 meters ( 49 yards ) walked in stealth mode and by 1.5% for every two stealth kills . flying : flying for 10 minutes increases this skill by 1% . completing the following training at the flying school increases this skill by 3% for gold , 2% for silver and 1% for bronze : training take off , runway landing , inverted flight , knife flight , flat hatting , loop the loop , sky diving , drop zone . completing the following training at the flying school increases this skill by 5% for gold , 3% for silver and 2% for bronze : touch down , helicopter course . completing the helicopter speed run training increases the stats by 6%/4%/3% . driving : this skill is increased by 1% for every 10 seconds of wheelie action and an additional 1% for every second spent in the air in a vehicle or four-wheel landing . performing stunt jumps with four-wheel landings gives the greatest boost to this skill . lung capacity : this stats is increased by 1% for every minute spent underwater .
if your friend has hero status , he can use heroic return if he has not yet in this town . if somebody in your town has hero status , he can use rescue if he has not yet in this town . if he finds more drugs , he can use them indeed . he will become addicted , but that is ( arguably ) better than dead .
there is no place good to store things , i am afraid . you might be able to get back the stuff you stashed if you revisit the flagon later on . if i remember correctly , the various attacks at the flagon cause the tile set to change , and sometimes the old chests with your stuff in them will get replaced ; i would not count on it though . that said , by this point in the game , you should be able to buy/find magic bags that reduce the weight of their contents , and eventually , you will get your hands on a bag of holding , which obviates the need to worry about this stuff . beyond that , you can always just load up the inventory of the party members who are not traveling with you . who cares if elanee can not run if she is not leaving crossroads keep ?
left 4 dead and its sequel both support 2 players maximum in local co-op mode on the xbox 360 . you can , however , join a campaign game lobby with a team of two local players and round out the game with 2 more . alternatively , you can system link 2 xboxes with 2 tvs and play 4 player in the same room ( assuming all of this gear fits in the same room ; ) )
i find the best way to find out is to test it , made this video to show that as long as the dark templar is held by the graviton beam it can be attacked even if the observer moves away . if graviton beam is used on a friendly dark templar enemy units can attack the dark templar
click " create battle " when the game starts add 3 other local players so there are four players total including you . pick the " northern steps " map - this is a winter map for every player who is not you , create a harvester on the tile in which they are standing . go to the next turn . on the next turn , self destruct each harvester ( you should have no harvesters except for all other players ) . you should win and get the achievement now .
generally people use dark souls mouse fix ( often called dsmfix ) to fix the mouse issues with the game . it is best used in combination with dsfix , which includes general fixes to make the pc version work better on most pcs and allow more options .
from my understanding of it , the source engine on linux and mac environments still thinks it is making directx calls -- valve have made a library that sits in the middle and translates these to opengl . because the -dxlevel setting changes what features/whatever of directx are used , and the system still thinks it is using directx , then it still pays attention to this setting and the calls being made to the library in the middle are different as a result , which may result in changes to perceived performance . in a blog comment the valve linux team said something which promotes this . we use a modified abstraction layer ( based on the original mac os x work ) that translates direct3d calls to the proper opengl calls . this layer has received the most work but changes have also been made above this layer that resulted in improved performance .
what i did to solve that one was : 1 . summon " private " 2 . summon " bossy general " if it does not work try changing the area .
you can add legion to your squad through gibbed before obtaining the iff . ( thanks kalina for the hint ) . in my play-through i did not encounter any glitches or ill effects . however : you miss out on some dialog you had normally get by talking to legion just after recruiting him you might want to remove legion from your squad with gibbed before obtaining the iff . nothing game-breaking happens if you do not , just some minor inconsistencies .
you will become a " bad sport " by leaving missions/races/deatchmatches etc . early and destroying other player 's personal vehicles . the " bad sport " designation lasts for about 2 days . so if you want to be a " good sport " again , do not do things that are considered bad for 2 days . i am not 100% sure what you can get as a reward . i once got a cash bonus of 1000$ , but there could be more things ( like discounts on ingame items ) . source : ign
there are 4 master ores in the game . bringing 2 to each blacksmith will upgrade your sword ( first in hyrule , then in lorule ) lorule cemetary dungeon : enter the lorule cemetary through the crack in the sanctuary . lift the big rock in the top right corner of the cemetary , then complete the dungeon . the master ore is in a big chest at the end . requires the titan 's mitts . skull woods dungeon : after reaching the 2nd eyeball near the end of the dungeon you’ll see a large chest on a very narrow platform . merge with the wall ad move towards the platform and open the chest for a master ore . thieves’ hideout : after lowering the water level with the thief girl , make your way to the two floor switches on the bottom-left of the room to reveal a long corridor with red rupees and a big chest at the end containing master ore . dark palace : on the top floor with the 6 windows , place a bomb by the lower switch and quickly merge with the top wall’s upper-half with the boss’s face on it . you’ll go into a room with a large chest containing a piece of master ore . source : http://www.zeldainformer.com/walkthrough/page/collectibles-guide
i am quite far into the game and have not received any awards for the treasures i have collected . also , a friend of mine has completed the game and gotten all the trophies , and treasures did go unrewarded . edit : if it is worth anything , i beat the game yesterday and did not get anything . i was a bit bummed when i found out there would not be any cheats from collecting the treasures like in the second game .
you were not attacked by five of them , trust me . they spawn so rarely that meeting two at the same time in the wild is a rare occurrence . but a new feature of the latest update is that zombies " summon " ( spawn ) more zombies when hit - you started fighting one or two and they began spawning - and swarmed you . so : first , a tower 2-tall under your feet , or hide behind some fence , or something else that will place you beyond their reach . then hit them hard . minimize the number of hits required to kill . if you punch them or use a stone sword , you are unlikely to break even , more will spawn than you kill . use a diamond sword , preferably enchanted , or just contain them instead of killing . if you start swatting them around with whatever you are holding in your hand at the moment , you are in for a world of hurt .
i have done some research , and as far as i can tell , the difficulty only determines how hard it is to beat the computer opponents . it has nothing to do with the spell research .
there is no horse armour currently , because there is no mounted combat in skyrim . it may be released as dlc , as todd howard ( jokingly ? ) said that it might be released as dlc like oblivion .
hey all ! thank you for your efforts ! i searched around other websites and found a soltion 2 my problem ! it appears that after being uninstalled , spore lives a " preferences"-folder behind which can not be spotted by app uninstall apps such as " appdelete " which i used to uninstall spore . after deleting that folder , the game gave me a chance to try my luck again and insert my key-code , which i happily did ! the game was fun for the first 2 hours , but then got extremly repedetive . on stackexchange 's gaming blog , there is a review of spore which tells that spore is bad really bad . i agree with it completly . i think i already regret bying it . . . the review ( as posted by bwarner in a commet above ) : spore sucks . thank you again for the support ! i &lt ; 3 stackexchange the preference folder is under : /users//library/preferences/spore preferences ( originally posted by gavriels on the macrumors forums )
final fantasy xiv is currently offline ; the original version of the game was shut down in late 2012 to prepare for the upcoming remake/update , final fantasy xiv : a realm reborn , which will be released on august 27 , 2013 . a realm reborn will be available as a free upgrade for anyone who purchased the original game . since you are already an owner of the original game , you will be able to play a realm reborn as long as you have either registered your original ffxiv registration key to your square-enix account , or you still have the original registration key in your possession . in the latter case , it will still be possible to register your original key to your account once arr has been released . furthermore , if you already own the collector 's edition of ffxiv , you will receive the digital items included in the arr collector 's edition for no charge . from square-enix 's lodestone post here : players who own ffxiv version 1.0 players who own ffxiv version 1.0 will not need to purchase the pc version of ffxiv : arr and will be able to download the ffxiv : arr software for free . details on downloading the ffxiv : arr software will be provided at a later date . furthermore , users who have version 1.0 registration codes that have not yet been registered will be able to register them and play ffxiv : arr on pc at the start of the service . in the meantime , you can still sign up for the arr beta if you had like .
there seem to be two multipliers in challenge . the flat bar on the left is your personal multiplier ; goes up when you kill , goes down when you die . maxes at 5x . the smaller circle is time in the current wave ; resets to 5x for each new wave , slowly decreases over time . the larger circle is the combination of the two - personal multiplier x wave multiplier . based on this , you get the best multiplier when : a ) you dont die so your personal multiplier stays high , and b ) you kill big targets early in the wave , or finish the whole wave quickly so you get 25x points on everything or at least the high-value targets . i /think/ that any damage not done by you directly ( i.e. . vortex/summoned dead/elementals/crash to desktop and possibly goblin bomb explosions ) doesnt add to your score . i believe lightning bolt works ( and often gets overkill ! ) but it is slow and dangerous in multiplayer . hope this helps !
inspired by yi jiang 's answer , i have created scripts for your browser which embed skill counts into glitch 's own skills pages :
if his blood has terrible effects ( e . g . if he was a vampire ) , and your cistern is only one level deep , then the contaminants will become a problem . however , all contaminants ( including things like demon ichor ) are non-soluble and denser than water , so they will tend to sink to the bottom . your dwarves use the well to get water from the top , so as long as the top is not the same as the bottom ( i.e. . the water in the cistern is at least 2 levels deep ) , having a contaminated well has absolutely no effect .
this is for an assignment on the citadel - there is a doctor in huerta memorial hospital who wants it . you should be able to complete it straight away . more details at the mass effect wiki .
after you arrive to protector enclave , you can join/make a party . before of that you can play with other people but you can not make a party since you are playing the prologue .
reroll mechanics you gain reroll points based on games played and champions owned . once you have saved up 250 reroll points , it grants you 1 reroll , which is used to perform a reroll in aram . you can only have 2 rerolls saved up ; when you have 2 rerolls , you no cannot accrue reroll points . the formula for reroll points gained is 30 + (1 x Champions Owned) per game . this has been stated in the forums by a developer , and is very easy to confirm in the post-game stats by mousing over the reroll point awards . standard 30 points bonus from champions owned note that i own 58 champions .
after an entire season spent in the game , i found the " solution " by myself : i offered to the first player ( the mercenary ) a new contract , of course with a better pay , and this solved the issue ; i offered to the second one a new contract , also with more pay than the first one ; he did not accepted the offer , so i sold him with discount ( because this was his last year ) . this was my way of acting . however , i wonder if i send the player on loan , he could possibly changes his mind . luckily i do not have another mutinous player , so feel free to improve my answer .
there is a dos emulator called dosbox that supports this game . get full details on dosbox support of test drive 3 here , along with some helpful comments . you can download all the test drive games for free at abandonia.com.
the point to it doesnt change , its still the same as before - just a little extra fun and lore interaction . the only difference is that with rengar not being able to lose stacks , the hunt is more likely to happen now . the hunt occurs when rengar has atleast 10 stacks , and khazix has used 3 evolution points . whoever kills the other first gains an additional bonus . rengar gains " the head of khazix " , which is a fully stacked necklace . you can skip from 10 to 20 stacks if thats how many stacks he has . as of patch 4.14 rengar also gains additional vision in brushes with the head of khazix . ( thanks caffeinated cake ) khazix gains an additional evolution point if he wins .
what is happening is that the game in question 's servers are at full capacity . it is most likely prioritizing players that have been waiting longer than you , meaning that when you try to join , the active slot that you were queuing for was just filled . this could lead to an error on your end , your client trying to insert you into a slot that has already been filled . in that case , just restart your game . my suggestion is to just keep trying .
seems it is the percentage of damage caused on enemy returning to you as health gain on hit . so , when a hit causes 100 points of damage , health gained is 13 points , regarding the 13% stat above . it is comparable to the " leeching " stat in games like diablo .
based on my experience , the glims that are collected automatically at the end of a battle do count toward the glim reaper trophy , along with any that you collected yourself during the battle . however , any glims that are collected by one of your ai compatriots ( e . g . when oliver or his familiars collect glims while you are playing as esther ) do not count .
no , you will not be disqualified from the " ghost " bonus . but you will need to hack the terminal to the door which they are standing next to . hacking after bluffing will turn them hostile and then you will lose your ghost bonus . so my advice is to bluff and perform a silent take down taking them out at once , and then hack the terminal .
iirc , from a period over the weekend when i chest farmed , i made around 1-2m profit ( depends on the affixes generated on the rares that i have got ) . and the underbridge is not the only way to farm . my new route besides that , is that i try to get 5 stacks with my witch doc , and farm the siegebreaker , since he is a pretty easy boss , just need some kiting to do . he also has attack animations that are pretty much very easy to dodge . ever since i have been doing that farm , every time i take an ah break after every run , i sort of gain much more income ( along with chest farming ) since you get sure rares with 5 stacks on him .
this has now been implemented in the game . you can head over to http://www.glitch.com/giants/favor/ to see your favour with each giant , the amount of img that can be earned from donations for the day and any outstanding uncollected emblems . the link is found near the bottom of the homepage beside the link to the leaderboard . you can also find the page in game when you check your favor at any giant 's shirine .
when berserker 's called , a dueling unit will attack alternatively axe and his duel opponent , canceling animation everytime due to the very low attack interval berserker 's call and duel force . in a similiar fashion , the hero under wyvern 's winter 's curse will attack alternatively both the frozen ally and his duel opponent , canceling his attack everytime . if you add berserker 's call on top of that , it can either : destroys the matrix divide by 0 give a seizure to your hero this alternative fashion come from the way the buffs work . while under one of those buff ( ill take berserker 's call for example ) the buffed hero trigger and attack versus axe every 0.25 sec . however the attack action itself can be overwritten by a triggered attack toward another target forced by one of the other buff . thus your hero will alternatively change target . depending on when the buff are applied ( e . g . if the frequency of attack for either of those 3 buff is synched with another ) the interaction between those spells become very weird . if your hero has a really low attack rate ( such as alchemist with +attack speed items ) , you can attack fast enough to perform an hit on both target alternatively .
in 13w36b all it does is play mysterious sounds , however a new menu is expected in future snapshots . in 13w38a clicking the button cycles between a number of shaders : there are many more besides these three .
assuming edddd , the caster is still weak against burning or poison damage , and skills that can insta-kill armored wizards like : charged rock balls ( ddddd , takes longer to charge for the same range and damage ) , charged ice balls ( qrqrqrqrd , make sure to have anti-ice armor up , about one sec should be enough ) , ice walls of death ( qerras ) , shielded wizards take no damage from this , but non-anti-cold shielded wizards will be chilled . the anti-fire version , efddd , will prevent burning , but the caster is still be vulnerable to poison and cold . the anti-cold version , erddd , will not prevent the caster from being frozen , but it should prevent them from being chilled . i do not think this version grants immunity to ice ball , but it should absorb damage from when it breaks . they are also vulnerable to burning . the anti-water version , eqddd , will prevent the caster from being drenched .
what class are you , and also what type of game ? needless to say , do not play hardcore when you are lagging . suggestions to deal with a lot of lag in normal ( sc ) games : play a pet class if you have that alt ( ie . wd ) . pets should not be affected by lag issues since the server will control them . use auto targeting skills instead of those that need to be manually aimed : mobs may be somewhere else from where you think they are use aoe skills - same as above , also if you hit anywhere close to your target it should still damage them recruit follower if playing alone : even if normally you had avoid one to prevent pulling aggro , in this case you may do that yourself so having an extra tank/distraction is useful team with someone who is not lagging :p : i think chat is unaffected by game lag , so they can atleast tell you to gtfo if a horde of demons swamps the group and you can not see them on screen .
to transfer your diablo 3 installation to another mac , you just need to copy the diablo iii folder in the applications folder to the new mac . it should be about 8.5 gb : if you want to transfer your settings and screenshots , you will need to copy diablo iii 's application support folder as well . you can find it at : ~/library/application support/diablo iii if you are on os x lion or later , the library folder is hidden by default , so you will need to get to it by opening finder , going into the go menu , selecting go to folder , typing in the following : ~/library/application support and pressing the go button . copy the entire diablo iii folder there to your new mac , placing it in the same location .
i got this achievement yesterday , and the difficulty is that it is relatively random . however , i will share my anecdotal advice . first , hit all the shops you can . shops do not always have crew , but there is a chance that they might . i have found that shops in a sector belonging to a particular race tend to have that race more often , but it is random - sometimes i have been in engi space and seen a shop full of zoltans , for instance . crewmembers tend to cost less than 100 scrap , but i would suggest trying to have ~100-150 scrap on hand just in case you find a shop that is got 2 races you need . one event that i believe is more common in " pirate " and " civilian " sectors is an encounter with a slaver . they may attempt to extort you to give them either some scrap or one of your crew members . if you fight instead , they may later attempt to surrender by offering you a crew member . from time to time when fighting a ship and killing its crew , i have been told it was a prisoner transport ship and that one of the prisoners wanted to join me . i would suggest attempting to take ships intact for this reason . i have not seen any indications in the initial system event that would indicate whether a ship is likely to give a crewmember if taken intact , though . there are also events where you find a lone survivor on a deserted station , and this can sometimes provide you with an additional crewmember . however , there is also a chance that they will go crazy and murder one of your existing crew , so this is not always a reliable way to make progress towards this achievement . commenters have noted that having a level 2 medbay can counter this , as can a slug crewmember .
in canada , where i live , games must include bilingual instructions . my copy of bioshock included a french manual that was attached to the outside of the package , since the two manuals were too thick to fit inside the ps3 case .
this file has been removed as of the january patch . as such , as of now there is no method to check achievement progress . actually , there is a way to view achievement progress , although it is a little troublesome to find and interpret . in the folder documents\my games\sid meier 's civilization 5\logs is a file called " achievements_debug . log " . if you open it , and scroll down you can find the values of different steamstat variables that can be interpreted into your progress for the achievements . for example : [49597.863] DBG: Steam Stat: ESTEAMSTAT_ROADS = 85 this line says that i have built 85 roads , and the achievement that had to do with roads is to build 1000 , so i would have to build 915 more to get the achievements . the file should contain everything you need to know about your progress on the achievements . if you need any help , feel free to ask .
ganking is when a big group of players team up on one lone player , usually by surprise . level differential is not necessary to be called ganking . in many games ( mostly mmos ) , this is a form of griefing , but in other games it is a legitimate and encouraged strategy . for example , in dota , ganking is an integral part to team victory . one player may roam around the map helping to ambush and team up on enemies who get caught out of position .
unconvention jungling been done in various ways with : luna , who can jungle with early glaives and abusing aggro resets - youtube guide medusa , who can kill radiant ancients with split shot - youtube guide tinker , who can kill ancients with march - youtube guide invoker , who can kill radiant ancients ( and sunstrike ! ) with an exort build - youtube guide the problem with all of these heroes is that it is very easy to shut them down and steal their farm , and it is very conspicuous as none of the heroes are viable roamers or gankers early in the game . jungling usually means doing so from level 1 and keeping pace somewhere between a dual laner and a solo in terms of experience . to be complete , the following heroes can jungle ( traditionally ) reasonably well : axe batrider chen doom dark seer enchantress enigma legion commander lifestealer lone druid lycanthrope nature 's prophet ursa the following heroes can jungle if it is absolutely needed but they are slow at doing so and thus probably should not : bloodseeker crystal maiden huskar phantom lancer sand king shadow demon wraith king troll warlord
there are 3 kalos ( generation vi ) legendary pokémon , and 4 kanto ( generation i ) legendary pokémon available in pokemon x and y . kalos legendaries #716 xerneas / #717 yveltal found as part of the story ( team flare 's hq ) at level 50 . version specific ( x has xerneas , y has yvetal ) both are stationary #718 zygarde available after the elite 4 , in both x and y found on the bottom floor of terminus cave at level 70 stationary kanto legendaries #144 articuno / #145 zapdos / #146 moltres randomly encountered wandering after defeating the elite 4 . you can only encounter one , which is dependent on which starter pokemon you chose : chespin -> articuno fennekin -> zapdos froakie -> moltres they will flee automatically 12 times when you encounter them , after which they will go to the sea spirit is den where you can finally battle them . source . #150 mewtwo available after the elite 4 , in the cave in pokemon village : after defeating the elite four , a man will stop blocking a cave within the pokémon village . in this cave , you will find nothing but a solitary mewtwo with its back against the door . interact with it and a cutscene will occur where it notices you and attacks . after defeating it , you will receive the mewtwonite x or y item depending on your version . - source
bonus elemental damage is overridden when using a skill that does damage of a particular specified element . you still receive the damage bonus , but it is no longer of the element specified by the item . for example , if you have a weapon that does 20-40 damage , and a bonus of +4-8 fire damage , and use an ability that does 100% weapon damage as lightning damage , you would do 24-48 lightning damage with that ability . if the ability does not specify a particular damage type , then it will deal damage based on your weapons inherent damage type .
ok , i figured out a way to relinquish controls on all of your ships . select a ship ( any ship ) . go into the tactics menu and click on sell . this forces you to relinquish control . close the tactics menu . before the sell finishes , open the tactics menu again and cancel the sell . now , all your ships will be in automatic mode and you can direct them via the tactics menu .
this is explained nicely on the gold page of dota 2 wiki : gold can be split into two categories : reliable gold &ndash ; any bounty you get from hero kills , roshan , and global gold from towers is added to your reliable gold pool . unreliable gold &ndash ; everything else ( creep kills , neutrals , etc ) . the difference between the two ( except from how each is earned ) is how each one is spent : dying can only take away gold from your unreliable gold pool and not from your reliable gold . buying items uses up your unreliable gold first before using your reliable gold . buyback uses reliable gold first . in the end you still have a fixed amount of total gold ( you just add the two together ) . the purpose of having these two categories is to encourage ganking and tower kills that accumulate the reliable gold pool , which is gold that cannot be lost from dying . i tried to " research " this further by killing different things in a practice game . you get reliable gold for killing an enemy hero . for killing roshan everyone on your team gets 200 reliable gold . if an enemy tower is destroyed , everyone on your team gets reliable gold ( and you get additional unreliable gold if you got the last hit on it ) . killing creeps or the courier gives you only unreliable gold . at the start of the game you get unreliable gold , and then 1 unreliable gold every 0.6 seconds . abilities that give gold ( thanks to samthere for mentioning them ) : transmute ( hand of midas ) &ndash ; reliable track ( bounty hunter ) &ndash ; reliable devour ( doom ) &ndash ; unreliable greevil 's greed ( alchemist ) &ndash ; unreliable
according to patrick bach , executive producer of battlefield 3: no . we will not have bot-matches in the same way . there are no bots in battlefield 3 . source
i think you are really asking two separate questions here . the first is , " what order do the various mr reduction / penetration effects follow ? " the answer to that is relatively simple . armor/mr reduction % based armor/mr reduction % based armor/mr penetration flat/linear armor/mr penetration so to answer the question as per the above , first fiddlesticks ' passive is applied to ashe , reducing her magic resistance to 20 . next , the abyssal scepter effects is calculated , reducing ashe is mr by 20 , putting her at 0 . finally , the flat penetration from the sorcerer 's shoes and the haunting guise are considered -- but ashe is already at 0 mr , so there is no further mr to " penetrate " . penetration can never bring a champion 's defenses below zero . so in the above scenario , spells would do 100% damage , so the full 100 damage in your example case . to answer your second question , about the general case of negative magic resistances ( possible on jungle creeps , and in some games featuring karthas / soraka / kayle , etc ) , i bid you to look no further than this question . the effects of negative defenses are exactly the same as the effects of positive defenses* - linear . in a nutshell , this means that an abyssal scepter will increase your spell dps by the same amount regardless of whether the champion is starting with 100 mr or -100 . *the formula itself is different , because the armor calculation does not handle negative values well , but the end result is a continuation of armor 's linear scaling .
60-61: 14,586,000 61-62: 27,000,000 62-63: 29,400,000 63-64: 31,900,000 64-65: 39,100,000 65-66: 46,800,000 66-67: 55,000,000 67-68: 63,700,000 68-69: 72,900,000 69-70: 82,600,000
this is based on the comments and data inside the xml file ( Assets/Gameplay/XML/Civilizations/CIV5Civilizations.xml ) . the start bias just chooses the location on the map , it does not influence map generation itself . there are 4 different start bias categories , a civilization can only belong in one category : start along ocean start along river start in specific region avoid specific region the start biases for the specific civilizations are the following :
power armor training in fo:nv is available at the end of a few different quest chains in order to provide access for a variety of paths . from the brotherhood : after completing eyesight to the blind or still in the dark , wait 24 hours for the lockdown to end , and the elder will offer you pa:training , whether mcnamara , or hardin . ( hardin may ask you to go blow up the silver rush before offering training . ) alternately , you can complete arcade gannon 's follower quest , for auld lang syne - in addition to rewarding you with the unique tesla power armor , you will receive the necessary training to use it .
short answer : no . long answer : double damage runes take into account only pure hero damage and attribute damage items ( except for pure damage items like divine rapier ) . they do not stack for other damage increasing abilities ( earthshaker and enchant totem , sven and god 's strength etc ) .
destruction of shields appears to be random . ref : https://plus.google.com/communities/115073414859905315934/s/shields%20destruction
you can use the button with the two circular arrows ( see the bottom boxed button ) to sort tms ( in the tm compartment of your bag ) alphabetically or by number . for poke balls , you do not have a specific compartment for them ( unlike some previous generation games ) , but you can sort the items by type , name and amount ( either most to least , or least to most ) .
your hidden mmr ( elo-like rating ) will plummet below a diamond threshold even while you remain in diamond . after just a few ( ~10 ) games losing against " evenly matched " opponents , you should start playing games where you are considered " favored " , and losing them . eventually you could theoretically be always matched with bronze , even though your publicly visible league does not necessarily need to match your mmr . however , i have noticed that bnet seems to only stray so far from your league . i could be wrong about that one , but i know a gold-level friend of mine that , after 25 losses in a row , was still being matched with silver and gold players . they could have rules in place that you can not be matched with someone more than 1 league away from your own . all this is beside the point at the moment . with the current ladder lock , you will not be demoted or promoted no matter how many losses you incur . tl ; dr : you will have to wait for the placement match in season 3 .
you unlock them simply by using them once . i know of no ' officially complete ' list , but the one over on wikia should cover the core recipes . http://torchlight.wikia.com/wiki/transmuting_%28t2%29
the ingame settings only show the default resolutions . to set it to a higher resolution : open your steam game library right click on cscz and select Properties click on Set Launch Options enter -w 1920 -h 1080 and accept cscz will now run at 1920x1080 .
press 2 on the keyboard . for some reason they do not want you to use the wheel .
the paragon / renegade system in mass effect 2 is a bit different than that of mass effect 1 . in the earlier game , renegade / paragon actions were available explicitly based on your charm / intimidate score . mass effect 2 removed both alignment based skills , and instead calculates available dialog paths based on earned paragon/renegade points / total potential paragon/renegade points up until that point . i will quote directly from the mass effect wiki : the morality system of mass effect 2 works on percentages rather than the total points earned . there is a set number of morality points available in the game . shepard 's current " effective " morality score at any given point is the number of points earned out of the number of points available from the areas he has explored so far . it is possible to have shepard 's paragon/renegade scale ( s ) maxed out , but still not have the percentage required for certain dialog options . so even though you are no longer filling the bar , you must continue to act as a paragon , or else your percentage will decrease over time , eventually locking you out of some paragon dialogs entirely , as you continue to miss out on potential paragon points . the paragon / renegade points carried over from a me 1 save file are an exception to this rule : for instance , if you start the game with 50 paragon points from mass effect 1 , your paragon score is 50 / 0 ( ignore the potential divide by zero ) instead of 50/50if you had accrued those 50 paragon points through normal me 2 gameplay .
install the ut2kx reg checker tool and you can happily double-click to install your mods . if somehow this does not help , then as a last resort you can re-install patch 3369 . this will reconfigure the bindings so that your * . ut4mod files should work again .
in half-life ( the first ) the vortigaunts you see are slaves , as evidenced by the green shock collars around their neck . as slaves to the nihilanth , they are your unwilling enemies . in the second game , the vortigaunts encountered are free agents ( effectively ) and thus are not inherently on the " wrong side " . the combine wiki has more here .
according to an animal crossing : new leaf wiki , the backyard gardener badge can only be obtained through planting flower seeds ; replanting does not count : planting flowers taken from the tropical island , villages you have visited and replanting flowers do not count towards your total needed . ( i assume you meant replanting flowers , since drag-and-drop for seeds just drops the packet onto the ground . )
i found the answer on the ( interesting ) ing hawken tips page : in a worst case scenario , you can shoot the battleship yourself . to take it down you have to take out the engines . however , the battleship has turrets and shooting these off is often a prerequisite because they will shoot you back . shooting down the battleship is a lot of work , much better to get the aa . the engines are these green glowing plates below the ship ( you can see it on the question 's picture and the lyrion 's answer ) . each of those has its own life gauge , so yeah , it might take a while . but it is possible !
direct proximity to a fire station without a martial does nothing to prevent fires . however , it is also not only impacted by education . buildings visited by a fire marshal are immune to fires for a time . abandoned buildings , and built up garbage can also lead to increased fires .
the easiest/simplest way i know of is to simply load your backup and start a lan game with cheats . that way you have access to commands and can switch your game mode using /gamemode 1 for creative and /gamemode 0 for survival . one way to have minecraft automatically backed up when you exit is to use a symbolic link to dropbox . this will also allow you to load worlds on a different computer if you want to set it up that way . perhaps this can help .
there are plenty of things to worry about in a sealed fort . these are the ones that i tend to forget about . death by player : the one that always gets me . indifference , boredom , carelessness , whatever it is that will cause the player to do something stupid that gets dorfs killed , e.g. building and testing the spear-trap danger room before actually assigning all that metal armor i made for everyone . death by nature : as in forgotten beasts and cavern fauna , especially in terrifying biomes . a fb carrying a syndrome to infect your entire fortress is a classic way to experience fun&trade ; . death by mood : dwarf going insane because you have shut yourself off from the world , and that oak-encrusted marble figurine he is trying to make just has to have an ingredient that can not be found without opening the doors . for me , i never seem to have any yarn thread when i need it .
you have to be emperor of byzantium and be christian for the decision to restore the roman empire to show up . from decisions/realm_decisions.txt: if you do not like that , you can simply remove or comment out the religion_group line .
lets call the city that buys power as buyercity and the city that sells power as seller city . here are the things to note before initiating a power deal . make sure buyercity and sellercity are neighbours ! build power plants in sellercity . build power lines to simnation ( edge of map towards the buyer city ) in sellercity . in buyercity you should see some power lines towards edge of map to sellercity . ( do not demolish these . this represents the connection to the other city . ) buyercity must have enough cash on hand to pay for the power . ( possibly need enough cash to fund the deal for a year ) buyercity must need power . check the power graph . ( possibly has a deficit or a surplus of less than 1000 mw ) go to budget panel and click on it to get budget overview . here you can now initiate a power deal with the sellercity by clicking on neighbour deals ( in the reds section ) . hope this helps .
reload your chunks press f3 + a there is no step 2 failing that . . . reload minecraft close minecraft reopen minecraft failing that . . . use mcedit . backup your world close minecraft open the world in mcedit using the chunk tool , completely delete the missing chunks save and close mcedit reopen minecraft and it will regenerate the missing chunks
orange items are items that can be modified with various mods , like lightsaber hilts , armor , augments , crystals , etc . the order is : gray white green blue purple dark blue note that orange is not in that list . orange just means you can modify an item ; it does not indicate a specific rarity level . some orange items have base stats included in them , some do not . the whole idea behind the orange items is that if find gear you like , you can keep upgrading the mods to keep upgrading your stats as you level , but allow you to keep that same armor/weapon type . there are no level caps on mods per item , as long as you have achieved the requisite level for the mods . update : regarding inherit stats with orange items : we have been granted more knowledge by the swtor devs . see the answer at stackexchange-url in short , yes , there are inherit stats to fully-moddable orange items . . . but not exactly . see that link for the confusing details . update 2: from the official forums : orange armor gets it is armor value from the ' armoring ' mod you slot in . if you exchange it for something better , the armor value increases along with the stats . it is always the first mod in the list that determines the intrinsic properties of the orange items ( e . g . armoring on armor , barrel on guns , etc . )
well , the answer is yes and no . the yes part : you can " shoot the fuel tank " the no part : the car will not blow up instantly as in gta:sa ( never played 4 ) . it will instead create a gas trail that can be ignited ign has recently published a list of 100 little things in gta 5 that will blow your mind and #64 says : 64 ) shooting a car’s gas tank will create a gas trail that can then be ignited .
no . once you set the formation and let the battle begin , its hands off at that point . the only thing you can do is to watch and see what is effective and where your weak spots are so you can prepare better should you fail . if you need help with your ships making poor decisions in battle , try messing with the orders pre battle . setting some orders such as vulture will allow your bigger ships to prioritize dying ships within firing range , for instance . you can also set up formations and force your ships to remain in formation so the faster ones do not run ahead and get chewed up .
patch 5.2 is the return of the thunder king , lei shen . upon hitting level 90 , head to your capital city and you should receive a quest to head to the isle of thunder . completing this will open up a number of linear single player scenarios . originally , these were spaced out by a number of days , depending on how long your server took to unlock different parts of the island , but this is no longer the case and you will play each scenario one after another . these scenarios will help explain some of the lore surrounding the thunder king . it will also unlock the island daily quest hub , which will also let you uncover some of the secrets ! once you have the required ilvl ( 480 ) , you can visit the throne of thunder and fight through 4 lfr wings eventually encountering lei shen himself . patch 5.3 focuses on the escalating tensions between garrosh and vol'jin 's darkspear rebellion . visit lorewalker cho at the seat of knowledge in the vale of eternal blossoms to begin this story . this again will set you on a linear path explaining the ongoing problems between garrosh and vol'jin ( you might remember it starting in patch 5.1 ) . four new scenarios were also released in 5.3 which will help explain some things . they can be queued for using looking for scenario . battle on the high seas blood in the snow dark heart of pandaria the secrets of ragefire wrathion and the legendary quest . be sure to also visit wrathion at the tavern in the mists to pick up the legendary quest . although you will be on the first step , it is well worth progressing not only for the story , but the legendary cloak and other goodies that come with it . blizzard have done a great job of making the story flow and at no point did i get stuck and not know where to go next . you might find spoilers in the links i included , so beware if you want to uncover these yourself . enjoy !
steam user faildozer has written a very detailed guide , " payday 2: the numbers " ( "taken from the game files" ) . here is what he has to say about ammo packs , supporting your theory : the ammo bag starts out with 4 uses , some further info about how usage is counted by the game : it is not split between primary and secondary ammo ; there is just one pool of ammo that weapons draw from how much ammo drawn from the bag is based on a percentage of how much ammo you have used so an empty ak draws just as much as an empty m308 which draws just as much as an empty crosskill and so on a default bag holds enough ammo for exactly 4 full refills ( 400% ammo if you want to think of it as a percentage ) the enforcer skill that increases the capacity of the ammo bag gives you 50% more ammo per bag ( so 6 full refills/600% ammo ) the game will always prioritize filling up your secondary first before your primary , so if both your primary and secondary are completely out of ammo , and the bag has exactly 1 full refill left ( or 100% ammo ) then your secondary will be refilled completely and your primary will still be empty medic bags do get used up after 2 uses ( without upgrades ) . similar to left4dead , you die for good if you go down too often , but healing from a med kit resets this counter . so saving them for teammates that went down multiple times already might be worth it .
you can buy boosts with tribes gold . the cost and time the boost lasts are : ( the $30 and $50 packages used to include a free boost , but the boost was removed in lieu of more gold . ) a good point to keep in mind is that making any real-money purchase will give your account vip status , which permanently increases your xp gain by 50% . this stacks with the boost bonus : being boosted ( 2x ) and a vip ( 1.5x ) will triple the amount of xp you would normally gain .
there are actually a large number of different ways you can do this . perhaps the simplest is using redstone repeaters , like so : there is also the design proposed by strixvaria , which uses elevated redstone : but there are even more ways you can do this . here are a few : take your pick !
the damage formula changes a bit from game to game , and the damage formula for monster hunter 3u does not appear to be available in any english resources yet . however , the formula remains mostly the same from game to game , so i should at least be able to give you the general structure of the formula used . i will be drawing on the following sources , which detail the damage formula for mhfu , mh3 , and mhp3rd . blademaster raw damage raw damage = [ atp x type x sharp x hitzone ] / class atp : the attack power of your weapon . type : the modifier for the attack you used . in general , slower weapons will have a higher modifier than faster weapons , resulting in more damage per hit . sharp : the sharpness modifier from the weapons current sharpness . class : this is the class modifier . all weapons have a class modifier which you divide raw damage by during calculations . the purpose of modifier is just to inflate the atp of slower and harder hitting weapons . this was removed in mhp3rd , but added back in mh3u . i will include a list of all weapon class modifiers below , but you can read more about them here . hitzone : the hitzone modifier . this value varies from monster to monster , and depends on which part of the monster you hit . this value is different for cutting and impact damage . i have included a hitzone chart for monster hunter tri below , courtesy of the monster hunter wiki do note these values have decreased a lot since 3u . finally , the modifiers displayed are : modifier / 100 . for example , cutting modifier for his head is 50 / 100 = 0.5 . elemental damage elemental damage = [ element x esharp x elmzone ] / [ divider ] element : the elemental attack power of your weapon . esharp : the elemental sharpness modifier from the weapons current sharpness . elmzone : the elemental hitzone modifier . this value varies from monster to monster , and depends on which part of the monster you hit . this value is different for each type of element . note that if a monsters elmzone value for an element is 0 , you will deal no elemental damage with that element . divider : the damage modifier for all elemental damage . this essentially replaces the type modifier in the raw damage formula . this value changes between generation ( and was removed in mhp3rd , but re-added in 3u ) , so i am uncertain what the divider is now . however , in previous games the divider was a value such that the faster the weapon was the more important elemental damage was . bow raw damage raw damage = [ atp x charge x arrow x range x hitzone ] / class atp : the attack power of your weapon . charge : the charge modifier for your bow , determined by the charge level . this value has changed between games , but the pattern is that at charge level 1 raw damage will receive a penalty , charge level 2 will do normal damage , and charge level 3 will do extra damage . the skill load up will give the bow a fourth charge level , which further increases raw damage . hitzone : same as the blademaster hitzone , except the shot value is used instead of cut of impact . range : a distance modifier , determined by how far you are away from the monster . to do the most damage with an attack you want your arrow to hit at the top of its arc ( visible when you aim with " r" ) . this means that if your either too close or too far away from a monster you will do less damage . do note that this does not apply to the arrow rain attack a bow has , which you can fire at charge level 3 . class : bow class modifier , 1.2 . arrow : there are 3 different arrow types : rapid , spread , and pierce . rapid fires several arrows in a vertical line , with the arrow at the top dealing the most damage with each arrow down the line doing less damage . higher level rapid shoot more arrows than lower level ones . spread fires arrows in a vertical line , with the center arrow doing the most damage and with each other arrow doing less damage the further they are away from the center . higher level spread shots shoot more arrows than lower level ones . pierce fires a shot which will travel through a monster multiple times , with each hit doing more damage . the higher the pierce level the more times the arrow is able to hit . elemental damage elemental damage = [ element x ehitzone x echarge ] element : the elemental power of your weapon . echarge : the charge modifier for your bow , determined by the charge level . this value has changed between games , but the pattern is that at charge levels 1 and 2 elemental damage will receive a penalty , charge level 3 will do normal damage , and charge level 4 will do extra damage . ehitzone : same as the blademaster elemental hitzone . bowgun raw damage raw damage = [ atp x pwr x range x hitzone ] / class atp : the attack power of your bowgun . range : the range modifier , which changes based on your distance from the target . for normal shots you will do more damage the closer you are to the target . for pierce shots you want to be further back to ensure your arrows will pierce several times . pellet shots want to be somewhere in-between the two in order to ensure all your pellets hit . pwr : the attack power of your shot . every shot has a different attack power which will modify the damage you do , with higher level shots being able to deal more damage . pierre achieves this by increasing the number of times your arrow can pierce , and pellet will increase the number of shots fired . normal 2 does more damage than normal 1 , and normal 3 will bounce around on the target ( if it hits more than once it will deal more damage than normal 2 ) . hitzone : identical to the hitzone modifier of the bow . class : class modifier . different for light ( 1.3 ) and heavy ( 1.5 ) bowguns . elemental damage elemental damage = [ atp * element * ehitzone ] atp : the attack power of your weapon . element : the elemental modifier for your shot type . this only exists on the elemental shots , fire , ice , water , thunder and dragon . this value is equal for all shots except dragon , which behaves similiar to a pierce shot , being able to hit a target multiple times . the other elemental shots can only hit once , similiar to a normal shot . the elemental damage you do is determined by shot type ( i.e. . fire s does fire damage ) . ehitzone : identical to the elemental hitzone modifier on blademaster weapons and the bow . total damage total damage = raw damage + elemental damage sharpness modifier taken from the official brady guide class modifiers when i first wrote this answer up i excluded information on class modifiers , since i was not sure if they were still present in mh3u . i have been looking around since then and it appears class modifiers have been added back in the game . mean_beanie did some calculations and research over at gamefaqs and was able to come up with the class modifiers for each weapon , and posted his results here . the class modifier for each weapon is as follows : greatsword : 4.8 longsword : 3.3 sword and shield : 1.4 dual blades : 1.4 hammer : 5.2 hunting horn : 4.6 lance : 2.3 gunlance : 2.3 switch axe : 4.6 light bowgun : 1.3 heavy bowgun : 1.5 ( mean_beanie is uncertain about this number ) bow : 1.2 example assume you are using the svarog starsmasher hammer , which has 1404 power , 320 fire damage , and white sharpness ( without sharpness +1 ) . let 's further assume the elemental divider has remained unchanged from mh3 , and is equal to 10 , and that the class modifier is 5.2 . let us also assume you are hitting with a super pound , which has an attack modifier of 0.76 . finally , let 's assume you are hitting a royal ludroth in the mane , which has an impact hitzone of 0.50 , and a fire hitzone of 0.40 . your damage would be as follows : total damage = [ [ 1404 * 0.76 * 1.32 * 0.5 ] / 5.2 ] + [ [ 320 * 1.13 * 0.40 ] / 10 ] = 135.43 + 14.464 = 149.90 as you can see , for a hammer your elemental damage contributes very little , that is because the type modifier for hammer attacks is very high . it is almost always better to go for raw damage when using a slow weapon like a hammer . when using a weapon like a sword and shield the elemental damage is a lot more important , since the attack type modifiers are a lot smaller .
darnified ui is the exact solution . it decrease the font size in of all boxes , compresses the size of hud , enlarges the map , make font and icon of inventory and spell list smaller . . . . see the two example images below darnified ui+wz_inventory is also a good combination .
so they are stored in : C:\ProgramData\Blizzard Entertainment\Battle.net\Cache , unfortunately that is not going to help you as they are hashed . this makes it hard to tell which is which . if only some kind soul would invent a tool to solve this problem . . .
massive spoilers ahead . feel free to read after beating team flare . the goal was aquiring for them ( team flare ) all global resources . they want to do it by destroying the rest of pokemon and human world . they want to do that because they believe that there is too much pokemon and people and not enough resources to live happy together . this team flare mindset was inspired by this ( minor spoiler ) problem . . . i connect this with problem that there was in minds of people in europe in late xviii and early xix centuries called malthusian cathastrophe link to wiki provided .
the " danger " is entirely situational , depending on what class you are playing , how many enemies there are and where you are tp'd to . but as @humungus said , it is generally more annoying than anything , especially for melee classes .
i found it how to unlock breeding , you have to beat 16 mile race , which gives you g iii which , unlocking breeding . to use breeding , you can go to : menu > actions > breeding . thanks !
somewhat viable to a certain extent , but not to the extent of getting rabadons , for instance . he gets so much more from stacking hp and resistances , since he is , in essence , a damage-soaking tank . his kit ( a shield , a taunt and a global shield-teleport ) make it a must to build tanky . pro-tip though : ( this is not for shen jungle , but for shen top . ) build a rylai 's crystal scepter if you get ahead , which you should , since you are shen after all . that bonus ap and health are great for shen , and the 35% slow on vorpal blade is just too much . that slow + taunt and you will shut-down the enemy carries every time . i suppose you could get things like zhonya 's , abyssal or even dfg but those would be tremendously not cost-effective on shen . i think it is viable , but it ends at rylai 's and masteries 9/21/0 going for the mpen .
the maximum distance is not very large , so it is basically a melee-range skill , but it actually functions like a short-range cone-shaped aoe spell . there is ( of course ) a maximum range for the ' additional targets ' effect , otherwise you could hit everything on the entire level with a single cast . that range is much larger than the initial casting range , however . with those two factors in mind , by far the best way to use it is to cast it on a weaker ( minion/summon ) and let it jump to stronger targets . bear in mind that like all dots , re-applying it will not make it stronger , so you only need to refresh it once it is run out .
okay i have done some research now manually . i have gone into custom games and built up a full crit build , then when i have roughly 75% crit chance i used the pet only to see if it dealt any crits . very few of the ' pets ' gains crit from the owners critchance . the real question is not whenever or not the pets crit , but if they gain crit from the champion . malzahar 's voidlings does not get crit from malzahar , they gain ad from him though . shaco 's boxes does not gain crit from shaco , but his clone does . infinity edge works as well . annie 's tibbers , does not gain crit , he scales in power through annie getting more ap . elise spiders does not gain crit , they gain power through elise getting more ap . yorick 's ghouls does not gain crit , they gain from ad and health . yorick 's ghost does not gain crit from yorick , but from whoever he clones it gains same items as , and thus gain crit chance that way . mordekaiser 's ghost crit chance is only influenced by victims items , not by mordekaiser . even if mordekaiser gains crit chance that does not transfer . the ghost gets stronger with morde gaining ad , ap and health though . zyra 's plants does not gain increased crit chance with zyra getting it . they get stronger with her getting ap . leblanc 's clone does not deal damage and cannot crit , the clone does utilize leblanc 's on-hit effects though , and deal damage that way .
nope . insanity is as tough as it gets . though i am not sure why you had want more . insanity is pretty unforgiving as is .
no , you can not catch her . as a vanguard , i used charge to stay within 0-5 meters of her through the entire chase with no effect . she will always reach her shuttle and trigger the cutscene that follows .
easily put , it means it does x% of damage over a period of y seconds . meaning to get 1s of damage dealt , you have to do x/y = [ dmg ] ps p . s - for an afterthought , according to your example , 360% per 6 seconds , if it was 360% per 1s , that would be a total 2160% damage after 6s . yeowch ! ( but overpowered much ? )
i have fixed it . steps for those who are having the same problems : close steam ( right click on the system tray icon and choose exit ) go to C:\Program Files (x86)\ or whatever folder your steam is installed go to Steam/steamapps/common/skyrim/Skyrim delete ( or move to desktop to avoid issues if it does not work ) the SkyrimPrefs.ini file open steam and go to : library > skyrim > right click > properties > local files > verify integrity of game cache it will download a " missing " file , 22mb or something ready to play i hope this helps other people with the same problem !
to build up a faster boost on the starting line , you should be pressing x pretty rapidly while holding down . this is not explained that well in-game - i think sonic rivals just assumes that you are familiar with " revving " your spindash in the original games .
follow " correct " path until you find a poison pool with 2 sniff-its in it . take the right exit from there , go right again and there is the wiggler segment .
/ps for platoon /sq for squad source : http://wiki.planetside-universe.com/ps/slash_commands
per the control list on the wiki , you can use f3 to bring up the flight log at any time .
helicopter gunships receive damage if kept on a mountain tile . they state this in their informational view .
forests it is mostly about what you want your city to get . is your city already surrounded by hills , giving it ample production ? a farm is a good candidate to replace the forest , especially if it is over grasslands . if you need production or want gold , however , leaving the forest in place is a better idea , for either a lumber mill or a trading post . regarding forests on hills - it is probably better to replace them with mines . you get a little less food but it is better when you try to focus your city on production . also the production boost from cutting down a forest is useful in the early game . jungles jungles are generally a " bad " tile - like tundra - but in my personal opinion , up until the late game it is worth leaving them for the science boost they give once you get a university . just make sure you leave enough production and food tiles available to the city . once your science per turn is in the hundreds , though , you might consider removing them .
the frag perk , achieved at rank 20 , has this description : additional molle grenade pouches allow the soldier to carry a larger amount of hand grenades and 40mm grenades . when you equip the frag perk : you get 1 more grenade , going from 1 to 2 . i believe you only get 1 more 40mm grenade , going from 4 total ( 1/3 ) to 5 total ( 1/4 )
there are a few things you can do to accelerate levelling : dungeons use the looking for group tool to queue for dungeons . there are often quests within dungeons with good experience rewards ( the first time at least ) . dungeons also have high level mobs which will have a good rate of experience on them . loot from dungeons will also make your character more powerful , making questing easier/faster . quest wisely move out of areas once you out level them - do not feel compelled to stay and finish the story lines if your priority is levelling . pvp some people get a good rate of experience/hour by winning in battlegrounds . have a max-level character your colleagues will have advantages over you if they have access to heirlooms . as well has having excellent stats some heirlooms have bonus experience for both killing mobs and turning in quests . rest bonus make sure you are in an inn or a capital city when you log out to accrue rest bonus . gathering professions nowadays you gain experience when you gather herbs and mine ore . you can then sell the herbs/ore on the auction house and buy better items to level faster . guild perks probably the easiest action for a new player is to join a guild and take advantage of the levelling perks , especially fast track ( lvl 6 guild ) . other useful perks for levelling are mount up ( lvl 3 ) , hasty hearth ( lvl 8 ) and working overtime ( lvl 14 ) . wth thanks to @jereone for the the reminder
do not mine the block under your feet . lava is bad for your health . it also burns up items , including the obsidian you are breaking . the minecraft wiki entry on obsidian has a helpful guide on how to harvest it without either you or the obsidian blocks falling into the lava . in particular , this paragraph : natural obsidian " lakes " provide a great deal of obsidian , but mining them can be somewhat hazardous , because there is likely to be lava remaining underneath the obsidian surface . however , the danger can be minimized with a bit of forethought . first of all , fence off any water flows so they will not push you around , especially if the water flows to the edge of remaining lava . then , look for the edge of the obsidian " lake " , or at least a convenient point to begin . dig a one block deep hole on a level area next to the obsidian , or even in it . ( if there is lava under the hole , you may lose the block you just mined , but this is minor . ) place the water source in this hole — if there is lava beneath , place it against the side of the hole , and it will solidify the lava . ) now mine your obsidian , moving outward from the hole . when you expose lava , the water will quench it so quickly that the lava usually will not even burn your newly-mined obsidian . continue mining outward from the spring as far as the water will travel , after which you can move the water . this method lets you stand on solid blocks rather than in running water .
short answer : yes , the ai cheats . at any difficulty above prince ( he mentions he is on king near the start ) , the ai starts to get bonuses . for king , they get an extra starting defense unit , less unhappiness , faster growth , and all sorts of other benefits . that having been said , from what i understand , none of the ai bonuses for higher difficulties actually give them more gold . i have not watched the lp in question , and 700 gold does seem a bit high , but if the ai has reached that level , i would first suspect there is something going on as a result of the vanilla enhanced mod he is running . i do not know the details , but i do know that the people behind the mod have rebalanced a lot of the details of the difficulty bonuses , so there might be some effect there which is helping them keep their income up .
for fps games your ping will be far too high . however the bigger issue is the traffic shaping they perform when you try to play . having played with a mobile broadband connection ( three - a uk company ) for 4 weeks , i have discovered that regardless of how little bandwidth your game uses - say 3k/second , the network will cut you off if you exceed even 2k/second after about 1 minute . presumbly they have some form of neural network or learning software in place that blocks your udp packets after a set period . it may not be the same on hughesnet but i would be wary . it is crazy that you can download files , browse 500k per page websites like flickr but they will not let you stream far less bandwidth for games . the solution i use is to host an adhoc wifi network on windows 7 . then once the game is blocked , i kill all the connections to that game using netlimiter . the number of disconnects i get generally drops after peek hours , but they are very aggressive with the " learning " and blocking of the gaming traffic during peak hours . it is ugly and extremely cumbersome but does work slightly better than a reconnect via the modem . you might also want to get an antenna for the 3g usb modem , either a clip one or an outdoor one .
from the candy box 2 wiki mix them until your arms are hurting” is 60 seconds
wow ! i would never expect to see a question about this game ! : ) yes , it does make sense to build nodes . as you say , they indeed increase your network strength . the time it takes to ( re ) build a pipe depends on how long it is . it is very quick for short pipes , but it takes a lot of time to build a long pipe ( i do not remember if the upgrade time is also affected ) . since the game hazards ( earthquakes , aliens , sandstorms ) will destroy some of your pipes , it is very important to be able to rebuild them very fast . by breaking up a huge pipe in many smaller pieces you reduce the damage area and also reduce the time to fix it . in addition , when you do that , you can easily create a mesh made of many redundant pipes , creating multiple routes for steam . this redundancy has a double effect : it makes your network safer from the hazards , and it also increases the overall steam throughput . finally , just for completeness sake , the instructions page also says that nodes store a small amount of steam .
i found the answer here : this particular chest is at 8:12 . turns out that you are supposed to return for this one ( and a couple of others ) once you get bombs . who would have thought ?
according to nintendo 's website , deleting a nintendo network id will also delete the following information associated to the account : nintendo eshop activity and balance , friend list , miiverse activity , and registered e-mail address . they expand on this further , saying : the nintendo eshop and all associated purchases will be deleted , and cannot be downloaded . this applies to purchases made with this nintendo network id both on the wii u and nintendo 3ds . any remaining balance in the nintendo eshop account will be deleted and cannot be recovered or refunded . this applies to funds added to this nintendo network id both on the wii u and nintendo 3ds . the friends list associated to this nintendo network id will be deleted . any posts and comments made on miiverse will be deleted .
after about a month of island trips i am pretty confident it never rains on the island , even when it is raining at your town . instead , to catch a snail you will need to plant a hibiscus bush in your town ( they sell starter plants at the island shop sometimes , they cost 5 medals and come in assorted colors ) and wait for it to rain , and you will have a chance to see a snail . they seem somewhat rare but i have caught one using this method .
possesion devil 's kiss murder of crows shock jockey bucking bronco undertow charge return to sender there are currently no known " secret " vigors .
they do a pretty good job of introducing the world and story in me2 , if you have not played me1 . that being said , i feel that picking up me1 for $20 is well worth it and will definitely enhance your me2 experience . for example . certain characters will not appear in me2 if you did not play me1 . make sure you get me1 and me2 on the same platform too . you can not transfer saves from different platforms .
the moment energy enters a redstone energy conduits or a redstone energy cell from the outside , you lose 5% power . once energy is in the system , there is no loss . moving energy between redstone energy conduits and/or redstone energy cells is lossless , and there is no distance based loss . so your loss is 5% from each engine , which ( because math ) is 5% of your total energy output , not 25% .
update according to this post by rhys , most uniques can actually spawn on any item of the correct base type , regardless of item level : in general , the required ilevel to drop or chance a unique is the same as the base type . however , there are now exceptions to this rule , such as auxium , le heup of all , and atziri 's foible . these currently require an ilevel equal to their equip level . as far as unique onyx amulets go , the minimum item level is still 20 , as that is the minimum item level for onyx amulets in general . previous answer just as for normal items , the minimum item level of a unique item is the same as the minimum level to equip it . the unique onyx amulets all require level 20 , just like a normal one , so any onyx amulet you find could potentially be chanced into any of the unique ones ( bar any exceptions set by ggg to prevent new copies from being obtainable ) . it is kind of rare for a unique item to have a different required level from its normal counterpart , but exceptions do exist ( e . g . the new voll 's devotion agate amulet is level 32 while a normal agate 's is 16 ) . if there is a particular unique you are interested in , look it up on the path of exile wiki .
yes , the game is extremely linear - there is always only one path to take , and only one ending . however , do not let this scare you off : the storyline and atmosphere are amazing , and definitely worth playing . also , since you mentioned it : you can mod your weapons , and in some cases choose to fight , avoid , or ( sometimes ) run away from enemies . there are also many different ways to fight enemies , if you choose to do so .
the only items that can be enchanted are golden swords from zombie pigmen and bows from skeletons . the swords , if enchanted , have their enchantment chosen randomly as if it were a level 5 enchantment from an enchanting table . the following enchantments are therefore possible : sharpness i–iii smite i–iv bane of arthropods i–iv knockback i–ii fire aspect i–ii looting i–ii bows , if enchanted , will always have power i .
when you identify a legendary post 2.0 , the appearance is unlocked in the mystic 's transmogrification . any items identified prior to the 2.0 patch will not have their looks unlocked . to unlock them you will have to find a new copy of the item . further , if you craft a legendary/set item ( after the 2.0 patch ) its appearance is also unlocked . from a blue post on the diablo 3 forums : now , on to business . legendary items found in patch 2.0.1 will unlock as transmogrify options for you in the expansion . that includes the ones you identify , so feel free to do so ! once you upgrade your account to reaper of souls and have access to the mystic , you should see the legendary items you found in patch 2.0.1 as available transmogrify options . normally unlocking a legendary transmogrification option will be notified to you , but the ones found ( and identified ) between patch 2.0.1 and reaper of souls will not . i should note that legacy legendary items ( those found prior to patch 2.0.1 ) do not unlock transmogrify options
to answer the question posed in the initial question : only if you had 0 intelligence and no other damage bonuses ! base damage is simply weapon damage + any damage bonus from gear ( +elemental damage is effectively "+damage " as far as the system is concerned ) . the formula is roughly as follows base damage = &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; ( weapon damage range + bonus damage from gear ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &times ; bonus from primary attribute &dagger ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &times ; other class bonuses from skills . ability damage = &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; base damage ( as above ) &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &times ; % weapon damage listed on the ability . &dagger ; 1 primary attribute = +1% bonus damage weapon speed does not come into play at all when calculating damage from abilities . what this means is that weapon speed is balanced as a stat ; either you deal more damage per hit ( by picking a slower weapon ) , or you use more abilities ( since weapon speed affects animation time ) . dps is entirely useless as a comparison metric unless you are only auto-attacking .
the one on the left is armor piercing shell ( ap ) , the other one is high explosive ( he ) . the short story is , that ap shells have a better penetration , but he shells do better damage ( if it does penetrate ) and might deal some damage even if it does not penetrate . usually you use ap shells , but switch to he if the target tank can not be penetrated . however , it depends on the effectiveness of the shells on your particular gun . on xbox , you can see your tank and ammo stats by pushing " y " while browsing your tank . this will reveal all penetration and damage values . ( tanks to eric tobias for this info ! ) from the official wiki : armor piercing ( ap ) shell this shell does the full damage listed on the gun specifications if it penetrates the enemy 's armor . however , if the shell does not penetrate the target , it will bounce and do no damage whatsoever . it can also damage tank modules and crew if it hits at the right spot . ap shells are subject to normalization and lose some penetration value over distance . high explosive ( he ) shell this shell has the highest damage value among all the shell types in the game , but also has a very low penetration value . these rounds have a very small splash damage area . it does not need to penetrate to damage the target , but the damage drops off quickly as the difference between the target 's armor and the shell 's penetration value increases . if it manages to penetrate the armor , it will explode inside the tank for the full damage listed in the specifications , plus he deals additional damage to multiple internal modules and/or crew , depending on how high the he damage value is . he shells typically have a maximum damage value 25% higher than ap shells , rounded to the first significant figure .
this is all explained in the in-game codex . going from memory : husks : human cannibals : batarian ( and human , see fae 's comment ) brute : mix of turian and krogan banshee : asari ravager : rachni marauder : turian harvester : harvester :p
all the extra dna in mail and inventories was kept . the plague was not removed ; i was still infected when i logged in . further , i was able to explode and infect others , and i received the normal 5 dna for doing so . ( edit : it is no longer possible to infect other players . ) the dna and the companion customizations do not appear to have changed in any way and can not be sold . jeelvic is no longer in the game ( or at least not near the stardream ) and i have not seen any more rakghouls on tatooine . the " rakghoul resurgence " recurring event has brought back the rakghoul dna , and old saved dna works and can be spent at the event vendor while the event is active .
as it turns out , the take picture functionality is only used in missions ( thanks paralytic ) ( source : ) .
no , hunger is not implemented in die2nite . for thirst , you get a notification the night before you die of dehydration that you need to drink , giving you ample opportunity to do so . eating is only for restoring ap , not for staying alive . realistically , humans can survive without food for a few weeks if necessary ( will not be pleasant though ) . so , as alexanderpas mentioned , you will probably die of zombies much earlier .
mobs do not recover health . refer to this link . however , if it is a fall damage trap , they should ideally be dying when they hit the bottom anyway so them recovering health should be irrellevant . if setup right they die on impact , and you have the ability to get in there and pickup their drops .
yes , it would appear it works like it did in me2 . it might not be right to say " they do more damage " since it is not clear that they get an actual damage bonus , but rather that they are more effective due to the way the barrier/shield/armor mechanics work . rapid fire weapons are good against shields and barriers . slower-firing weapons that do heavy damage are good against armor .
to reliably steal , you need to get out of the guard 's line of sight and stay there for a while . your chance to be caught at thievery seems to correlate to the guard 's awareness level of you . you can easily see your chance to fail as a percentage next to the item 's name when you are about to loot it . if the guard is in sight , you can also see how aware he is of you by entering stealth mode and looking at the icon over his head . this means that a guard may not even be in the same room as you , but may notice you steal , simply because his " awareness " from when he last saw you has not worn off yet . his awareness will drop over time as you stay out of his sight . my experience is that the awareness level seems to drop for different guards at different rates . . . it was almost instantaneous for the guard in the alchemist 's shop in gorhart , but took longer for the guard in shieldring keep .
in mass effect 3 , you can respec shepard ( or any of your squadmates ) directly from the med bay . instead of eezo , it just costs credits - the first one 's free , and each one beyond that takes 5000 more credits . in my tests , it increases strictly linearly . 1st respec = 0 credits 2nd respec = 5000 credits 3rd respec = 10000 credits 4th respec = 15000 creidts etc . the cost is separate for each squadmate .
the maximum character level is 60 . character level is imported directly from mass effect 2 , and continues to climb . shepard receive 2 skill points at every level , and start with 1 point in their class abilities , giving a maximum point level of 61 for the first 30 levels . after this , shepard begins receiving 4 points per level . squad mates are simpler - they get exactly half of what shepard gets , giving them 1 squad point per level , so 30 points at level 30 , and 2 onwards from there . this gives shepard a total of 181 skill points ( enough to fully max out 8 skills ) and his squad mates an even 90 .
wolfhound kills do not count towards chaos , but they can detect your character and will count towards that . they can also discover bodies , as well as their corpse will count towards “bodies found” . source : bethesda dishonored forums post , " notes on stealth detection , chaos , and trophies/achievements " by gstaff , a community manager at bethesda softworks for more info on chaos mechanics , see this question : what&#39 ; s the best strategy to keep the chaos low ?
you do get way less experience for killing things with the vehicle vs . killing them while on foot . i am honestly not sure about the quality of drops being different . but in my experience playing , if i cared about xp at all , i always stepped out of my car . i do not remember really specific numbers off the top of my head , but for example , killing a badass spiderant king with the vehicle awareded me half ( less even , i believe ) the xp versus stepping out and shooting it . this is not a bug and is working as intended , so you can not just cheese your way through the game . later on in the game , enemies will tend to do too much damage to your vehicle too quickly for it to be useful for seriously clearing out areas . if you are just going from point a to point b , sure , you can often run over whatever you want on the way ( keeping an eye on vehicle health of course ) . i would park it outside of a hideout though if you are going in , as enemies will chew through it fairly quickly later on and it'll explode , leaving you pretty damaged , if not already on your knees needing a second wind . also , when you start your second playthrough , the enemies damage the vehicle way more when you run into them and will sometimes explode after hitting one enemy !
according to this guy 's guide , about half way down in gear stats , attack speed is indeed a critical stat , as it does increase your healing animations ' speed according to this line : this bonus is quite noticeable and important for priests . it increases all our healing animations , including circles and even target heals . this is a must and you should aim to have two of these rolled on your enigmatic staff . at the example above , the staff has " double " attack speed stats rolled . this guide also states that attack speed is a useful stat when it goes over all of the stats . which of these affect a healer 's raw healing power ? none of them ! pretty cool , huh ? our heals cannot crit and power/attack only affect damage dealers . the only combat stat or stat modifier that is of benefit to a healer is attack speed . that allows us to get off our healing and buff abilities faster , so it is something to look out for . finally , someone on these forums says that you heal faster with it . that topic is from 2012 , and it says that there can be disadvantages to attack speed . this mostly seems to be the ranges of melee attacks . these range changes could have changed since this post . overall , i have seen several places say that it increases your healing speed , so at the very least , it should not hurt it .
destroying the heretics gives a bonus to settling the quarian/geth conflict . if you do not broker peace , either choice yields war asset bonuses if you remain consistent in your geth stance , or penalties if you flip-flop . if you do broker peace , you get a +150 modifier with one faction and -150 modifier with the other faction , depending on your choice with the heretics ( either way adds up to 0 net asset modifier - note , you still get a good chunk of assets for brokering peace separate from this modifier ( +300 ) ) . destroying the heretics improves your chance to broker peace . my original concern with reprogramming the heretics is that it would be easy for the reapers to reclaim them . but the choice does not influence that .
first note that the white version of this weapon has a base damage range of ( 651-659 ) - ( 712-728 ) damage - source : http://d3db.com/item/i/doom-hammer because we do not know the damage that the item rolled initially , we can use the average range of 655-720 as an assumption and get a roughly accurate calculation ( or once you learn the mechanics , you could reverse the process to find the exact damage roll ) . secondly , minimum damage is added to the damage range before maximum damage . if the minimum damage is boosted above the maximum damage , then the maximum damage is also boosted to the same amount plus one . afterwards , the maximum damage is added . +284 min damage +361 max damage 49% damage increase . minimum = 651 + 284 = 935 . maximum = 936 + 361 = 1297 ( the max damage was boosted because min damage overlapped ) . next multiply the damage ranged by damage increase . minimum = 935*1.49 = 1393 . maximum = 1297*1.49 = 1932 . this is very close to the weapon range you gave and the discrepancy we can somewhat blame on the initial damage range assumption we made . the rest of the discrepancy we can blame or some rounding issues or technical mechanic that i may not be aware of : ) conclusion : min damage is added before max damage . max damage is boosted if min overlaps due to the boost . min damage that overlaps max damage is worth twice as much damage . max damage is then added afterwards . damage increase % is then applied .
it is because your top hopper is pointed directly into the hopper just below it . point the hopper on the very top to the side , and it will work as you expect . with the configuration you have , your second hopper from the top is getting 2 items per " cycle " . ( the top hopper is pushing one item / cycle into the 2nd hopper . the 2nd hopper is pulling one item / cycle from the top hopper . ) now , the third hopper can only pull one item / cycle from the second hopper , so the second hopper pushes the " extra " item into the top chest .
i am not sure if you are looking for this exactly , but here is my best guess . mkaito may be right . it may very well center on the one closest to where your screen is . i will test this shortly and update my answer . however , for quickly switching through bases you can use the backspace key or you can move that key in the settings to a more favorable position . spacebar is simply for recent alerts . edit i just tested out the theory . when double clicking your hotkey group it does snap the the building closest to your current screen position . there is no way to toggle through the list , however . tab does not work nor does spacebar or backspace .
tl ; dr warding totem safe start , no matter what champion gives you defensive map control ( sometimes offensive in jungle ) free ward jumps buy this item at start 95% of the time sweeping lens safe to buy after you have finished your sightstone consider buying it against stealth champions ( upgrade to oracle 's lens for stealth detection ) sometimes a good idea on junglers if you want an early dragon can be bought if you are playing a supporter that relies on bush-stealth do not start with the item unless you are planning on camping a lane like crazy scrying orb can be used for scouting nashor/dragon could be useful for non-skillshot high-range casts ( nocturne , caitlyn ult ) generally avoid buying the item in a serious game detail usually you want to start with the warding trinket since it is pretty much the safest and most useful trinket of the three at start . it gives you a free ward for either vision or sometimes even a free flash for champions with friendly-dash abilities ( katarina , jax , lee-sin etc ) . when jungling it can also give you vision control for either more safety or better counterjungling . the sweeping lens is a really strong item but most of the time it is only good later in the game . a lot of people buy it as a jungler but usually you should avoid buying it at the beginning because if you buy it early the enemy will still spot you before you can clear the ward . the only time you can actually buy this at the beginning is if you play champions that rely on vision breaks of bushes ( thresh , blitzcrank , leona ) but even there it is situational and most of the time an extra ward is a more decent start . you want to buy this item if you have a sightstone as a supporter or for additional objective/jungle control as a jungler but that generally happens in the midgame . another situation where you could buy it potentially is if you are facing champions that rely on stealth ( twitch/akali ) but remember that you need the full upgrade for 475 gold to obtain true vision . as you have already mentioned , the orb is a rather useless item . you should avoid buying it on most champions and the only champions that could actually benefit from it are champions with high-range targeted abilites like caitlyn or nocturne . but usually it is still a better choice to take a ward on these champions .
at least on the pc version , you can mark an item as a favorite or as trash by moving your mouse to the right side of the item where a star or x will appear . ( the hidden hover areas appear vertically above each other . ) clicking on these will mark them as either a favorite or as trash respectively . a favorite item cannot can still be sold but has a nice marker on it so it stands out better . trash items can be sold in bulk at stores ( by going to the buy menu and pressing delete on pc , clicking left stick on the console ) , so you can get rid of your trash items easily at the store . the console versions or using a gamepad will have dedicated buttons to toggle these settings . using a gamepad or playing the xbox 360 version , you can toggle these settings pressing the left stick . i imagine the ps3 version will use l3 to toggle the settings .
you may have read tips relating to an earlier version of the game . now , if i recall correctly , technology advancements were more or less random , although you could set a focus area for each group ( e . g . " light infantry" ) . this has been changed , and you now have more direct control over the technology . similar to europa universalis , you gain technology points over time in each of the three groups . the amount of points gained , depends on your ruler , your council , ahead/behind bonuses etc . when you have enough points to spend , you click on the " advance technology " button – it is the button with the magnifying glass and arrow in the image below . note , that technology does not cost you gold – just arbitrary technology points , which have no other use in the game . now , just because you have points to spend , does not mean you should . since every level increases in cost , it would often make sense to save up for a more expensive advancement . also , some technologies will slowly improve on its own . for example , you might get a passive increase to " church infrastructure " by building a bunch of religious buildings . you can see that by hovering over the cogs , which should be spinning and have a slightly different colour ( see screen shot ) . image borrowed from http://www.ckiiwiki.com/technology
notch on twitter is pretty clear on the topic : i have no plans of adding herobrine . notch
first note that the enchanting page on the wiki says that protection , fire protection , blast protection , and projectile protection are all mutually exclusive , but it looks like you can have feather falling on boots with one of the other enchantments . the armor page linked in the question has a table of " enchantment protection factors " provided by each enchantment . i have duplicated the relevant parts of the table below : since increasing the level of the enchantment only increases the epf , when trying to find the " best " protection it is only worth looking at the highest level enchantment . the article also says that in order to maximize protection from a particular kind of damage , you would need 25 points of protection for that damage type . since there are 3 different types of damage , one would need 75 effective points of protection , but since each armor can add either up to 11 points to one type of protection or 5 points to each type ( which is like adding 15 total ) , the max is 60 effective points of protection . so , you can not max out everything . and plain protection can not be maxed out at all . therefore , the best armor depends on what you are looking for : if you want to maximize the minimum protection value : put protection iv on each piece of armor . this will give you 20 points in every type of protection . as a side bonus , if you put any level of feather falling on the boots , you will max out fall damage protection . protection epf : 20 fire epf : 20 blast epf : 20 projectile epf : 20 feather falling epf : 38 ( capped to 25 ) if you want to maximize the average of protection values : again , put protection iv on each piece of armor . adding protection iv to a piece of armor adds 5 to each protection type , so it adds 5 to the average . adding any other protection enchantment adds at most 11/3&lt ; 5 epf on average . protection epf : 20 fire epf : 20 blast epf : 20 projectile epf : 20 feather falling epf : 38 ( capped to 25 ) if you want to prioritize a particular protection type : plain old protection : put protection iv on all 4 pieces of armor . protection epf : 20 fire epf : 20 blast epf : 20 projectile epf : 20 feather falling epf : 38 ( capped to 25 ) projectile protection then blast protection : put projectile protection iv on two pieces of armor , blast protection iv on one piece of armor , and protection iv on the last piece of armor . protection epf : 5 fire epf : 5 blast epf : 16 projectile epf : 27 ( capped to 25 ) feather falling : 23 projectile protection , then fire protection : put projectile protection iv on two pieces of armor , fire protection iv on one piece of armor , and protection iv on the last piece of armor . protection epf : 5 fire epf : 14 blast epf : 5 projectile epf : 27 ( capped to 25 ) feather falling : 23 blast protection then projectile protection : put blast protection iv on two pieces of armor , projectile protection iv on one piece of armor , and protection iv on the last piece of armor . protection epf : 5 fire epf : 5 blast epf : 27 ( capped to 25 ) projectile epf : 16 feather falling : 23 blast protection then fire protection : put blast protection iv on two pieces of armor , fire protection iv on one piece of armor , and protection iv on the last piece of armor . protection epf : 5 fire epf : 14 blast epf : 27 ( capped to 25 ) projectile epf : 5 feather falling : 23 fire protection , then the other two put fire protection iv on 2 pieces of armor and protection iv on two pieces of armor . protection epf : 10 fire epf : 28 ( capped to 25 ) blast epf : 10 projectile epf : 10 feather falling : 28 ( capped to 25 ) fire protection then projectile protection : put fire protection iv on 3 pieces of armor and projectile protection iv on one piece of armor . protection epf : 10 fire epf : 27 ( capped to 25 ) blast epf : 0 projectile epf : 11 feather falling : 18 fire protection then blast protection : put fire protection iv on 3 pieces of armor and blast protection iv on one piece of armor . protection epf : 0 fire epf : 27 ( capped to 25 ) blast epf : 11 projectile epf : 0 feather falling : 18
this is an oh-so-basic " proof of concept video " . it is a two-level cobble generator which pushes the cobble into a obsidian/water " hopper " which then has tnt dropped on it . the tnt detonates , and the water pushes the harvest cobble to the end of the water tray . not terribly effiecnt , but still an interesting idea . large amounts of obsidian is reccomended to protect the rest of the structure from the tnt blast . as for automatically re-loading the tnt hopper , well . . .
across the world , there are some deep sea ports . one has to free them from the storm to be able to board a ship which then can go over the deep ocean and very stormy areas .
the menus in this game are not very intuitive ( yet ) , and this is not explained very well . once you figure out how to get around the ui quirks , everything should make more sense . let 's walk through this scenario : first , open the camp screen while standing on the cryo facility ' s hex ( click the button in the menu sidebar ) . this recipe requires an object that cannot be removed from the camp ( the electrical panel ) . if you want to access the object to put in your crafting panel , you need to open the exam room 17 camp . once you have visited a camp for the first time , you should see it at the top of the camp screen any time you are standing on the hex . click one with the take tool to select it . note : do not use the ' consume ' tool ; you will just eat all of your food or something . and the ' move ' tool will just move the camp around rather than opening it . now that you can get at the electrical panel , all you need to do is move all of the ingredients listed in the recipe to the crafting panel . if you had some ingredients in a container ( backpack for example ) , you will have to take them out first on the inventory screen and drop them on the ground before you can move them to your crafting panel . note : if a recipe says you need a particular skill trait ( electrical systems in this case ) , you actually need to put the skill trait in the recipe . you can find your skill traits at the bottom of the window . and we are done . = ]
no , according to hunter 's machete , the passive effect , butcher , does not affect true damage . as smite is true damage , it is unaffected .
you will gain access to the room after completing the main storyline quest where angels fear to tread ( part 2 ) . you only get to loot the chest once , however .
unfortunately , you can not . ghosts are controllable pet minions ( like tibbers ) , and the only way to interact with them ( besides moving them ) is , as you noticed , to designate a target with r or alt + click . more information on : http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/pet
no - tomes of secrets are the only tome drops in inferno . you will need to use the auction house or go back to hell to get tomes of blacksmithing and jewelcrafting .
you are correct , there are no live achievements available for the pc version , only the games listed underneath their catalog as live enabled have achievements associated with them . you can also see a list of pc games with achievements at xbox360achievements . org which matches up with the games for windows catalog .
i believe that simply deleting the shortcuts file , which is &lt;steam installation dir&gt;/config/shortcuts.vdf , should do it , but i have not tried it myself so i suggest backing it up first . i do not believe it should do any harm in any case . another surefire way is to remove steam and re-install it , but even if you back up all the game data locally first and then reload it , the whole process will take longer than just removing all the links one by one .
i did get it completed , the other piece was ontop of the wardrobe upstairs . it never seemed to spawn there . i will see if i get the same thing happening in other sweep quests .
the paper maker and the wat are transformed into a library and a university . the other unique buildings i tried were destroyed . i am pretty certain that some classes of buildings are always destroyed , but there is probably also a random factor . the xml files have some information about it , the probability of capture for the unique buildings is the following Longhouse 66% Bazaar 75% Satraps Court 75% Paper Maker 66% Wat 66%  for the other unique buildings there is no value given , i assume that they are always destroyed .
yes , you can for many of the files . i have migrated most of my couter-strike:source files to linux . you should pick the biggest files , such as textures , sounds , models and maps to copy . then , under your steam directory in linux (~/.local/share/Steam/SteamApps) create the directory structures that will hold these files , following the structure on your windows partition . then when you go to install the game on linux , after saying " preparing to install game . . . " it will say " discovering existing files . . . " .
resource packs that provide high-resolution textures ( "hd texture packs" ) require your gpu to fetch , store , and render exponentially more pixels every frame . every 2x texture size step ( 16 to 32 , 32 to 64 , etc . ) involves 4x the gpu processing* than the previous step . this is all also stored in ram too , but your ram is rarely the performance bottleneck when increasing texture size . so what this math means is that if your gpu is using ( for example ) 20mb of its onboard vram for storing the textures for a particular scene ( i.e. . , looking at a particular forest ) using a default 16x16 resolution texture pack , going up to a 32x32 texture pack will require 80mb of vram for looking at that spot from that angle , and the card has to spend proportionately more time to render it all . * jumping up to a 64x64 texture pack will increase it again to 320mb of texture memory needed . now if you step up to a 128x128 texture pack , that is going to ( for that particular angle on that particular forest ) load 20mb*4*4*4 of texture data over the 16x16 version , for 1.28gb of vram needed . . . which is a pretty big jump ! and note that , every time you swing your view around to something with completely different textures ( say , from a forest to the desert behind you ) the video card will have to either already have those textures cached ( which is less likely the more space each needs ) or have to load them from ram or disk , which introduces camera lag . so what is the take-home message ? that vram is the most important bottleneck for high-res texture packs , and the more you are asking the gpu to deal with bigger and bigger textures , the less of its data storage and processing capacity it may have left over for other tasks* such as scratch processing storage and caching other textures so that it does not have to reload them from ram/disk when you move around your world . to offest this , you want to do two things : not get too ambitious with your texture pack sizes , and install a mod like optifine ( the standard or lite editions that do not add fancy graphics ) that improves and streamlines minecraft 's inefficient default rendering code . remember that the size comparisons go exponentially backwards , too : if you are finding 64x64 to be a heavy load and laggy , the drop down to 32x32 will give you somewhere around a 4x performance increase ! * * this is a vast simplification . modern gpus do a bunch of pipelining and parallel processing , and have separate dedicated modules for textures verses vertex versus shader processing , and the 20mb of textures might leave a bunch of that capacity idle , so it may not be a perfect 4x increase . however , at higher loads that already saturate the processing capacity of a video card , the comparison will be closer to the simplification .
i usually look to gamefaqs.com. though they are primarily limited to text-based data they do have a form to submit maps and images ( and i think this qualifies ) . looking at the new super mario bros . wii section , i notice that there are already several faqs that feature the same data collected by your son ( though his versions are nicer looking ) . i would look into uploading it there anyway if he is so obliged , as gamefaqs is no stranger to redundancy .
in the options , you can adjust your hot keys to the grid pattern . this will change the hotkeys so you do not have to remember them . . . i would suggest to use attack move for long distance attack commands and patrol for short distance , both keys will be next to each other which makes it more easier to choose between both . other than that , if you are into multi-player too , you might want to consider to learn the habit of attack moving your units through your opponent his army instead of in front . if you are focus firing units you might want to consider to learn the habit to just ( shift ) right click on them instead so that when you are surrounding your opponent that you do not accidentally attack your own unit . right clicking on your own unit cause your army to follow that unit , unless there is another next action in the queue to perform . so accidentally clicks on your own units have no effect when focus firing . just make sure you do not click the ground instead , as they will walk instead of attack&hellip ; the grid pattern is illustrated in the next picture :
there is a 3 minute delay in spectator mode , so the only cheats that people have cautioned about so far would be watching a ward get dropped . since a ward is alive for 3 minutes long , a spectator could communicate that to someone on a team , and the team would instantly know that the ward there was now gone .
a temple improvement makes two citizens content - but only after you have researched mysticism . before this research is complete , they will only make one citizen content . also note that building the oracle wonder doubles this " content citizen " bonus .
sniper alley is one of the " spartan ops " in the " infinity " multiplayer mode . it can be played single player , split screen , or online with friends or other folks on xbox live . ( for xbox live play , you will need xbox live gold , which is a monthly/yearly subscription that costs extra . ) spartan ops ( and the other multiplayer modes ) have to be installed , either from disc 2 or from a free download . you do not have to play the campaign at all to play the spartan ops , although you might want to stick to offline play on the easy difficulty if you are new to the game . however , it sounds like you do not have enough hard drive space to install the spartan ops content . if you can , delete some things off the drive . you can do this from the dashboard or the guide by going to the system settings page . there is a guide on this page which walks you through the process of locating things that can be deleted from your xbox 360 hard drive . scroll down to " delete games from your hard drive . " according to this article from microsoft , installing spartan ops requires 1.45gb of storage . do note that they have also released a second batch of spartan op episodes that were not included on the disc , and are a separate free download . it is also possible that you do not have a hard drive or that it is too small to contain everything you want to keep on the xbox 360 - your saved games , installed games from xbox live arcade , dlc , and so forth are all kept on this device . if that is the case , you will need to buy a ( larger ) hard drive . what hard drive you buy depends on which xbox 360 you have got . finally , do note that you can play the campaign cooperatively , so if you are just itching for some co-op time with your son , you do not have to go the spartan ops route .
a torch kept in the inventory can still be used later . torches will be automatically lit when equipped in a character 's hand , and extinguished ( along with their light ) when dropped or stored in the inventory . you can unequip and re-equip a torch as many times as you like , lighting is done automatically and does not require any other items or materials . torches will only burn down when equipped , so you should swap dying torches for fresh ones from the wall mounts around the dungeon as you go . i like to give one of my characters a wooden box full of torches to carry around , just for emergencies . you can also use burnt out torches as weapons ( if you have nothing better ) , as well as objects to place on buttons and switches .
just change the controls and switch the mouse buttons ! that will make the icon/crosshairs correspond closer to the right buttons without affecting anything else in your system . oddly enough you do this through the keyboard settings :
from my experience in dominion ( just like in summoner 's rift like you mentioned ) there are some basic champion roles . in summoner 's rift you have your : solo top jungler ad carry support ap carry you also want to have a good amount of cc and aoe because there are many teamfights and you will need a good bruiser and a tank ( usually being the solo top - jungler ) that is just roughly ofc . in dominion you have the following roles : capturer defender taker a capturer is a mobile and sneaky champion with good escapes who can roam the map and capture unprotected capture points . good picks would be teemo , janna , evelyn , rammus etc a defender is a guy who can fortify himself under a capture point and defend it for a long time against 2 and maybe 3 opponents . good picks would be heimerdinger , alistar etc . taker is champion who can effectively dive a capture point and take it even when a defender is under it . good picks would be darius , xin zhao , tryndamere etc ( you get the point ) the ideal analogy in a team ( in my opinion ) would be 1 capturer , 2 takers , 2 defenders . if your defenders are good then they can pretty much camp and lock 2 out of 5 capture points . this might sound trivial because the other team would still have 3 and be winning . but if you can lock 2 capture points for a long time using just 2 champions , then you give your 2 takers the luxury of invading the weakly defended capture points of the opponents together . 2 good takers should be able to take a third capture point at all times . if the opponents group up to take one of your defenders down they just make your capturer 's job easier since he will most likely find at least one capture point unprotected . also much like in summoners rift you want champions with aoe and cc , in this map you want mobile champions and champions who excel in small fights 1v1 , 1v2 etc . aoe is not needed much in this map . also champions with universal spells ( ults ) can come in handy if they can effectively fill some of the above roles . . . edit : you seem to wonder about possible opening strategies in dominion . well the standard way to open up is that a good defender goes and captures bot and tries to push the lane right after that . thats why heimer is such a good pick for this role . 3 rush top to cap as much of the capture point as they can and fight and 1 caps mid in a hurry and then joins the other top . some teams however prefer other strategies . one of would be only 2 to rush top , 1 bot , 1 mid and your capturer would go in the jungle and wait for their mid to finish capturing . when they mid goes top to help the others your capturer goes in and caps their unprotected mid . at this point at least one of them would probably turn back to stop him so the goal of your guys at top ( including the one coming from your mid ) is to prevent any fleeing champs from getting there fast . its not your goal to capture top but to delay them .
i retracted my landing gear , and used rcs to balance on my engine . that let the drills dig deep enough into the surface to start extracting kethane . so there is a maximum height the drills can be from the surface in order to do their job . after some creative " bouncing " without landing struts , i managed to land on the engine hard enough to make it fall off . this allowed the lander to rest on the drills themselves . surprisingly , this did not allow me to extract kethane . i guess the drills have a minimum height , too . testing the drills on the launchpad shows that they do not draw power unless they start extracting kethane . that allows you to ensure your drills will do their jobs properly .
try also installing the unofficial skyrim , dawnguard , hearthfire , dragonborn and high resolution dlc patches . they fix a lot of bugs within the game and the dlcs , preventing some of the possible crash reasons . if it still crashes , skip the opening sequence by using the alternate start - live another life mod . live another life provides an alternative means to start the game for those who do not wish to go through the lengthy intro sequence at helgen . you will be given the opportunity to choose your race and then choose a new life for your character to lead . a wide variety of choices will be available . another mod that you might want to try is : ssme - skyrim startup memory editor . this… patch will allow skyrim to use… available space right from the start to fix ils ( infinite loading screen ) without side effects and other memory related ctd ( crashes to desktop ) or freezes . when tesv . exe is started it allocates two 256mb blocks of memory . when the first block gets full , the engine will allocate more blocks . this can cause the known troubles . thankfully , by telling the engine to request a bigger block from the start it magically makes use of it without any further ado . this is not the case with the second block . thankfully again , the second block does not fill up as quickly and once it is full the engine does not trip over itself when allocating more blocks . to make the engine allocate a larger block of memory it needs to be patched . also , use boss to optimize the load order of the mods and dlcs . boss is designed to assist mod users in avoiding detrimental conflicts , by setting the correct load order for the plugins they have installed . boss also provides thousands of plugin-specific messages , including usage notes , bash tag suggestions , requirements , incompatibilities , bug warnings and installation mistake notifications . if it still crashes , i would recommend " cleaning " the dlcs . more about cleaning mods and the dlcs with tes5edit tutorial on cleaning mods and the dlcs using tes5edit tes5edit download link
when i started doing this i checked vendor for white items each time i was in town to sell . since white items costs only for a few hundred gold compared to the blues which costs over thousands . however what i found was you had to buy blue rings/necklaces . as of now i am having trouble finding a merchant that sells spirit stones . also a tip is to buy it on normal mode since those are the cheapest and you might consider buying the blue ones there if you do not want to wait .
it seems from this website that the golden pieces are used in gaining access to other parts of maps : completing sidequests gives a golden puzzle piece , granting access to another part of the map that is attached to that level . this part of the map is only accessible through the completion of this part of the sidequest . you only seem to be able to collect only 1 at every point .
yes , your hall of fallen heroes shows up as a tab on your profile when viewed by other people . it will also most likely be included in the soon-to-be-released armory .
mastery is a skill that was introduced in cataclysm to provide some class specialization uniqueness : the reason it is so vague is because what it enhances is entirely dependent on what your spec is . however , you can find out what mastery is currently doing for you in your current spec by hovering over the mastery rating in your character information panel , which you can access by pressing the c key ( by default ) . that should tell you in broad terms how it is helping you . you can also check out wowpedia 's mastery chart for more detail . but for convenience 's sake here 's what each of the tooltips say : death knight blood ( blood shield ) : each time you heal yourself with death strike while in blood presence , you gain 50% of the amount healed as a damage absorption shield . each point of mastery increases the shield by an additional 6.25% . frost ( frozen heart ) : increases all frost damage done by 16% . each point of mastery increases frost damage by an additional 2.0% . unholy ( dreadblade ) : increases all shadow damage done by 20% . each point of mastery increases shadow damage by an additional 2.5% . druid balance ( total eclipse ) : increases the bonus damage from eclipse by 16% . each point of mastery increases the bonus by an additional 2.0% . feral , bear form ( savage defender ) : increases the damage absorbed by your savage defense ability by 32% . each point of mastery increases the absorb by an additional 4% . feral , cat form ( razor claws ) : increases the damage done by your bleed abilities by 25.04% . each point of mastery increases bleed damage by an additional 3.1% . restoration ( harmony ) : your direct healing is increased by an additional 10% and casting your direct healing spells grants you an additional 10% bonus to periodic healing for 10 sec . each point of mastery increases each bonus by an additional 1.25% . hunter beast mastery ( master of beasts ) : increases the damage done by your pets by 13.36% . each point of mastery increases pet damage by an additional 1.67% . marksmanship ( wild quiver ) : grants a 16.8% chance for your ranged attacks to also instantly fire an additional ranged shot . each point of mastery increases the chance by an additional 2.1% . survival ( essence of the viper ) : increases all magical damage you deal by 8% . each point of mastery increases magical damage by an additional 1.0% . mage arcane ( mana adept ) : increases all spell damage done by up to 12% , based on the amount of mana the mage has unspent . each point of mastery increases damage done by up to an additional 1.5% . fire ( flashburn ) : increases the damage done by all your periodic fire damage effects by 22.4% . each point of mastery increases periodic damage done by an additional 2.8% . frost ( frostburn ) : all your spells deal 5% increased damage against frozen targets . each point of mastery increases damage by an additional 2.5% . paladin holy ( illuminated healing ) : your direct healing spells also place an absorb shield on your target for 12% of the amount healed lasting 15 sec . each point of mastery increases the absorb amount by an additional 1.50% . protection ( divine bulwark ) : increases your chance to block melee attacks by 18% . each point of mastery increases block chance by an additional 2.25% . retribution ( hand of light ) : your templar 's verdict , crusader strike , and divine storm deal 16.8% additional damage as holy damage . each point of mastery increases the damage by an additional 2.1% . priest discipline ( shield discipline ) : increases the potency of all your damage absorption spells by 20% . each point of mastery increases the potency of absorbs by an additional 2.5% . holy ( echo of light ) : your direct healing spells heal for an additional 10% over 6 sec . each point of mastery provides an additional 1.25% healing over 6 sec . shadow ( shadow orb power ) : increases the damage done by your shadow orbs by 11.6% . each point of mastery increases damage by an additional 1.45% . rogue assassination ( potent poisons ) : increases the damage done by your poisons by 28% . each point of mastery increases damage by an additional 3.5% . combat ( main gauche ) : your main-hand attacks have a 16% chance to grant you an attack that deals damage equal to 100% of a main-hand attack . each point of mastery increases the chance by an additional 2.00% . subtlety ( executioner ) : increases the damage done by your finishing moves , and the effectiveness of your slice and dice , by 20% . each point of mastery increases damage by an additional 2.5% . shaman elemental ( elemental overload ) : grants a 16% chance for elemental overload to occur . elemental overload causes a lightning bolt , chain lightning , or lava burst spell you cast to trigger a second , similar spell on the same target at no additional cost that causes 75% of normal damage and no threat . each point of mastery increases the chance of elemental overload by an additional 2% . enhancement ( enhanced elements ) : increases all fire , frost , and nature damage done by 20% . each point of mastery increases damage by an additional 2.5% . restoration ( deep healing ) : increases the potency of your healing spells by up to 24% , based on the current health level of your target ( lower health targets are healed for more ) . each point of mastery increases healing by up to an additional 3.0% . warlock affliction ( potent afflictions ) : increases all periodic shadow damage you deal by 13.04% . each point of mastery increases periodic shadow damage by an additional 1.63% . demonology ( master demonologist ) : increases the damage done by your demon servants and damage you deal while transformed into a demon by 16% . each point of mastery increases damage by an additional 2.0% . destruction ( fiery apocalypse ) : increases all fire damage you deal by 10.8% . each point of mastery increases fire damage by an additional 1.35% . warrior arms ( strikes of opportunity ) : grants a 17.6% chance for your melee attacks to instantly trigger an additional melee attack for 100% normal damage . each point of mastery increases this chance by 2.2% . fury ( unshackled fury ) : increases the benefit of abilities that cause or require you to be enraged by 11.2% . each point of mastery increases enrage effects by an additional 5.60% . protection ( critical block ) : increases your chance to block by 12% and your chance to critically block by 12% . each point of mastery increases your block chance by an additional 1.5% and your critical block chance by an additional 1.5% .
according to the in-game help ( page 8 , if you are interested ) : legs represent the kairobots ' speed , which affects how swiftly they attack . it also affects their ability to evade attacks and to inflict more attacks than the enemy . so faster bots = bots that will survive longer , due to attacking ( and hopefully killing ) before the enemies have a chance , and getting hit less often . seeing as how powerful attacks can knock out several bots with one hit , evading it just allowed you to get another attack in .
i just played a few rounds to confirm : the shield prevents death from all solid objects , including the rotating spike cylinder , and fire . it also prevents you from tripping on the tile piles that occassionally block either side of the path , and from tripping during mistimed jumps where you fall short and hit the incoming ledge . all of these objects , once hit , deactivate the shield . when in the mining tunnel , the shield does not prevent you from tilting your mine cart into the tunnels blocked with boulders ( the boost does ) . the shield does not save you from falls , water hazards , or broken mine track . the first temple run also included a power-up with the same properties but was called invisibilty .
the cyrodillic fighter 's guild from oblivion does not return in skyrim . instead , you may want to check out the companions , a group of soldiers , fighters , and mercenaries for hire . likewise , the college of winterhold is the replacement organization for cyrodill 's mage 's guild . the thieves guild is only a myth , of couse . but if it was real , i would lurk around the city of riften to find it . information is a little sparse since the game has yet to release in most areas , but all 4 of the main guilds are making a return in one incarnation or another .
no it can not . you will have to restart the game to change difficulty .
there is integrated mechanisms to handle these sort of things , and the system knows how to tell the difference between accidental and intentional team damage . for example , an artillery unit who hits an enemy unit , but simultanously does splash damage to nearby friendly units is not nescesarilly sanctioned , although they will pay a fine to repair the friendly tank . as a frequent arty player , i have accidentally killed friendly unites several times – it sucks , but as long as you do not make it into a pattern , you are cool . players who continues to shoot on friendly units , or who shoots a friendly unit immediatly after the battle starts , are marked blue in the list . this carries on over to their next games , and is a warning to the player – if they continue , they will receive sanctions . the blue status also lets other players know , to look out for this player . if you damage or kill a player that has been marked , you do not receive a fine or penalty to your score : the system will additionally flag players who have destroyed several allied vehicles over a number of games . the name of such a player will appear blue in your team list . if a player on your team appears as blue – and only then – everyone on your team can attack and destroy that player’s vehicle without a penalty . you will , however , receive a -1 to your counter . do not be alarmed by this : please note that while you are not penalized for destroying a blue allied vehicle , you also don’t get any credit for doing so – it is basically neutral – however , your counter will still be decreased by one for every allied vehicle destroyed ( blue or not ) . the system will know which players do team damage and team kills , and will be dealt with automatically . you do not need to report people who do team damage : a global rating system which tracks friendly fire from the account over a period of time and a local rating system which tracks friendly fire within a specific game . as a result , no reports of friendly fire are required nor are they considered . all tickets sent to the support team to report team killers will be replied stating this information and directed to this post for more information . however , you can report the player in-game . this is done by ctrl-clicking the player name , whereafter a context menu shows up . in this , you can choose to report the player . after the battle , you can right-click the player in the battle report to get the same menu . read more about the complaint system . read more about reporting a player . read more about the automated system for registering team damage .
simply pick a spot and use any rod . these actions will cause the chain to break*: reeling it in too late/early no fish biting ( use a pokemon with suction cups / sticky hold ability in the first party slot to reduce the chance of this ) loading/reloading a map entering a building using fly ending the game / switching the 3ds off these actions will not cause the chain to break*: running from battle catching/fainting the pokemon fishing up a different pokemon using potions / repels / pp restore from menu using a different fishing rod equipping the bicycle / dowsing machine / skates moving to another spot on land ( within the same map ) encountering other pokemon in grass . 　 crossing a map boundary as long as it does not involve doors and/or loading a map . ( e . g . it is okay to move along the coast of cyllage city , lower route 8 , ambrette town ) using surf and waterfall moving from land to water using surf moving on water encountering water pokemon by moving on water using rock smash encountering pokemon from the rock smash 　 saving the game ( but this does not matter because the chain breaks if you switch off the game , so you can not load a save file that maintains the chain ) . closing the 3ds lid ( sleep mode ) pressing the home button ( suspended game ) *a summary on how this information was verified : started with a fishing record of 5 consecutive . fish 6 consecutive times perform the alleged action that will break the chain fish another 2 consecutive times check against the fisherman in the fishing shack on route 16 if he reports 6 as the longest chain , then the action that was investigated breaks the consecutive chain . if he reports 8 as the longest chain , then that action does not break the chain .
from what i have heard , there is not much impact on dragon age 2 from dao . the story takes place in a different part of the world , and there are only a few side characters that carry over at all , none of which are in your party . so from just the standpoint of enjoying da2 , i would say no . on the other hand , dao is a great game , and da2 has been getting pretty mediocre reviews , so one could make the argument that you should play dao first just because it is a better game for less money . = )
i have looked for it myself , and sadly , there is no way to enable this at the moment .
i think it is a pretty general question of 2-handed weapon versus two 1-hand items ( weapons or shields ) . with 2-handed weapons you usually get less affixes , because you are basically throwing away an item slot . 2-handed weapons tend to have a better damage ( and dps ) , though . in my experience with a monk , going with a 2-handed weapon would typically get me 10-20% more dps , which is significant , but often not worth it if i got a great shield or a good secondary weapon . i think that your decision should be made on a case-by-case basis , based on the specific items . i do not think it is possible to reach a general rule for 2-handed over 2 1-handed or vice versa , monk or not . edit specifically regarding monks , there is one important difference here - spirit-generation from skills depends on attack speed only , not on damage done or any other affixes . since dual-wielding means +15% attack speed , a dual-wielding monk will generally generate spirit faster than a monk using only one weapon .
another slight edit : the official diablo 3 game guide is now live , and includes an introduction which sets the stage for new players entering diablo 3 without the background of the previous games . i believes backs up the updated content in my first edit . now , a star has fallen from the heavens—a grim omen that heralds the end of days . sanctuary’s frightened inhabitants are turning to abandoned legends and prophecies for answers . they have no hope against a full onslaught from the burning hells . the heroes of the past are gone or dead . a new champion must rise… edit : so i have done some additional research , and i believe i have found the most credible blizzard sourced information on the subject . at this link you can see a video in which a blizzard panel member from blizzcon 2011 explains that generally , you do not know what happened to the heroes from diablo ii . they specifically state that all that is known are hints and vague references , deliberately . they do go on to confirm a special case where you run into the apprentice of the necromancer from diablo ii during a chance encounter in act ii . this thread on blizznet also discussed some of the known lore related to the necromancer 's apprentice . you come across him and his three skeleton minions , and he asks you to help him fight off some restless ghosts that the cultists disturbed . in dialogue , he mentions something to the effect of his master being one of the heroes who helped defeat diablo 20 years ago . it is also confirmed in that same thread that the male barbarian from diablo iii is not the same barbarian from diablo ii , even though this is often speculated - since that was an original plan by blizzard that was scrapped due to gender differences , and difficulty in plot integration . beyond those two knowns there is some speculation about the sorceress from diablo ii being tied to a blizzard short story that provides the backstory for the female wizard but that is outside the game , and speculative . there is also mention that by brother malachi , the healer in act 1 that " zakurum has fallen to disgrace , " which bodes ill for the paladin from diablo ii , if he is still alive . from what i have researched , the druid , amazon , and assassin are not mentioned at all . so , i will leave my original answer below with the grain of salt that there does not seem to be a solid reference . it is a widely distributed version of history at this point that blizzard neither confirms nor denies , to my knowledge . according to the wiki and numerous other sources diablo 3 takes place 20 years after the events of diablo 2 , so the previous adventurers may be too old to swing morning stars against the minions of hell at this point . the wiki also specifically mentions that tyrial sent the previous heroes off to live in safety as a reward for their deeds in the last game . so my old barb is likely bar tending at the masculine grunt inn , telling patrons " this is yours . . . for you . . . a gift for you . " the game takes place in sanctuary , the dark fantasy world of the diablo series . sanctuary was saved twenty years prior by unnamed heroes in diablo ii . having survived that onslaught , tyrael rewarded the heroes by sending them to safety . it is up to a new generation of heroes to face the forces of evil threatening the world .
i managed to find out how to send an email to zynga . i clicked " player support " in the game which brought me to faq-like support page on their website . i selected " tech/loading " and at the very bottom i clicked " no , i need more help " . that brought me to an email form . there must be some kind of filtering system that determines whether you get to the email form or not because i just tried it as i was writing this answer and it just redirected me to the home page . i described my exact problem in the email and within a couple hours i received a response from the support staff at support@zynga.com . after some back and forth emails he understood exactly what my problem was . i provided him with my player id and he did some cleaning up from his end . i reinstalled the game and launched it after i had already logged into the proper accounts and i received a new player id and everything worked . good to know i can get support . this happened over a saturday and sunday too .
i have tried this using the mobile hotspot feature of my cyanogenmod android phone ( a samsung captivate , though that should not matter ) . i think only the captivate can host , in this case . if other devices on the ad-hoc network try to host , the server is not visible . i did not get a chance to test it on the ipad , because i have had trouble setting up tethering there . minecraft pe really needs to add bluetooth support . . .
for anything beyond ~level 20 equipment , there are three ways to go about getting it : craft it yourself recruit characters that have it . steal it from them recruiting characters and stealing are the easy ways to go about it , but you need luck to spawn enemies that have equipment you want ; there is no reliable way to ensure certain items , i am afraid . if you do manage to find equipment to your liking , you want to hurt them , and move denim directly behind them for your best chance at recruiting them . just like hit chance , being behind them is better than being in front of them or to their side . and the less health they have , the better chance you have as well . for stealing , you want your rogue class as high a level as possible , and be in the same spot as denim would be for recruiting . that'll give you your best chance at stealing equipment . the more reliable ( and much , much more tedious ) method is crafting . once you get the recipe books , you can start the process of crafting better equipment . much of them will even improve your existing equipment , such as baldur +1 or superior equipment . that will use the base item in the recipe as well . you can craft equipment straight up into level ~32 with the complete collection . the recipe books are acquired as you go through the story , and i believe some of the rarer enchidrions are gotten by fulfilling certain requirements and running through hell 's gate . you can find a guide for their locations here at gamefaqs . once you have gotten them , though , that is when the real tediousness starts . crafting success is based on your overall level , i believe , and if you fail , you lose your crafting items . and you can only make one item at a time . and several of the best equipment requires four items , and each of those items require crafting as well . and failure can happen at any point , so be prepared to spend a decent chunk of time crafting the materials . i spent the vast majority of my cash throughout the game buying the related base materials , and then crafting them into the items needed for equipment , and then crafting the equipment itself . it is tedious , but it is the most reliable way to get the best equipment possible . as for magic , i found this guide where you can find certain spells . essentially , the more advanced spells are usually random drops towards the end of the game . there is a secret shop , deneb 's , that shows up in random places , depending on what day it is . they are : she sells some rarer spells , but not nearly all of them . most of the highest level ones require you to be lucky with drops . there is a class of magic called dragon magic that is only available by running through hell 's gate , as well .
fast travel around a bit and then back to the throat of the world , he should be hangin out on top of the dragon wall eventually ready to get stabbed .
in my experience , i have seen that effect when a paladin is being hit by something it can not counterattack ( ranged flying enemies ) . this usually ends one of a few ways : something comes within melee range and the paladin beats on it instead . the paladin dies .
i have created a spreadsheet and shared it on google docs : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0aqutr-rtivlwdhdozlg3rfpsc3hkzze3mkzprwewdeeusp=sharing the spreadsheet contains the level name , type , rank , # of dream jobs , and total skill . for each stock you enter the bitizen skill level , and base stock amount . the sheet will then calculate the actual stock level and the time to order . levels are sorted by their base stock level . imperial levels show the completion time and production cost for each item .
giants can not jump . for this method , race does not really matter . make sure you have enough arrows with you . it takes about 50 steel arrows to kill a giant , you might want to take at least 75 steel arrows with you to make up for missed arrows or slightly stronger giants . you can farm steel arrows for free in solitude . find a high enough ledge / rock to stand on in the perimeter of the giant . keep firing arrows at him , make sure that you dodge his attacks if the rock is rather small . here is a video demonstrating how this is done , it might be considered a nasty glitch though : giants might be slower than you . for this method , races that give you higher running speed and/or stamina have influence in the succes . you might also want to make sure you do not carry much with you as weight has an influence on your running speed . in about any game where your opponent is slower than you , you can kill the opponent by kiting it . in skyrim , alt allows you to sprint . you might be able to use a combination of sprinting backwards and firing arrows at the giant for a long time ( it takes longer in between shots than the other method ) , perhaps using potions to fill your stamina . the problem with this method is that you might run into other opponents or against a wall , you might want to first inspect the direction in which you will run . . .
there are working hours for collection , as in the evening when you mouse over it says something like " waiting collection hours to begin " ( do not remember the exact words ) . however , i think the following is true : they still process recyclables already in material storage this gets buggy when you share trucks within other regions in the city , so you need to not share your trucks with other cities ( if you watch the trucks you can make sure they do not leave the city after a couple days after changing the settings ) . if you have already hit this bug where the recycling center is full , you may have to destroy and rebuild your recycling center after disabling sharing the total number of bins builds up ( not just the number collected ) . so when you get enough recycling centers , the total number of bins might start to go down ( as the number collected goes up ) . i do not think recycling trucks pick up trash , only recycling more education means more recycling i think you might want to diversify reclamation line types within a recycling center that being said this still does not work great for me , with 3 recycling centers maxed out in reclamation lines and trucks . i get only about 9k bins collected out 18k ( around 120k population ) .
you already summed it up rather nice i guess . ; ) i have not had time to dab too much into the campaign yet to be honest , but it is essentially your decision how you had like to get the additional damage : with the raptors you will get more damage and mobility on your existing two zerglings per egg . with the swarmlings you get more damage in the form of a third zergling per egg ( and essentially faster replacements ) . overall , both should provide you with a comparable damage boost . if you like micro managment and do not have any issues moving even single units to avoid damage as much as possible , i would pick the raptors ( especially if you like hit and run attacks ) . on the other hand , if you prefer the brute force approach , without having to worry about losing a few of your units , then the swarmling might be the best option for you ( because you can replace them faster and you lose less per unit lost ) .
no , you can not directly attack mind-controlled aliens without explosives . you can try and move out of range so that it will have to spend its turn closing in on you , giving you a free shot , or putting it into a disadvantageous position , such as being out in the open while surrounded by several of your operatives in high cover on overwatch ) . if there is fire on the map you may try to roast it alive , but it probably will not contirbute significant damage . note that a mind-controlled alien dying , explosives* or not , will result in its equipment being given to you at the end of mission , as if it was actually part of your squad . also , higher-end enemies tend to have grenades or , in the case of ethereals , an aoe psi attack , so you do not have to waste your own explosives killing them . for example , 3 perfectly healthy elite mutons under mind control can be made to kill themselves by having them huddle together and throw grenades at their own feet . *in enemy within , explosives will destroy the equipment of mind-controlled aliens if they kill the alien ( but not if they only wound it ) .
the only way to do this is to just quickly tap enter twice to advance time just a little bit . i wish there was a way to set which events stopped the scan , but they do not seem to have implemented that function .
the group hug achievement only works with the original four heroes .
damage in league of legends is calculated " just in time " . that is , there are no damage calculations performed until the game has confirmed that a unit has taken damage . this has a couple of interesting ramifications . for instance , if you level up a projectile or projectile skill shot while the projectile is in flight , it will do the damage of the new rank , not the rank you had when you triggered it . it also means that teemo 's shrooms only calculate their damage when they trigger , and that all placed shrooms are always at identical power , regardless of when they were placed .
no . the easy/medium/hard farming levels are still available after defeating the final boss , and will continue to refresh when beaten .
the jade statue is not available until you have reached mission conflicted loyalties . so the only way to get this statue is to progress with the main story line .
using x to represent the game installation hard drive , they are in : X:\Users\YourUserNameHere\AppData\Roaming\DarknessII once inside that folder , you should see a folder with a random string of digits as the name . inside is your save .
the boss shoots lasers when you get too close to it , and there is no way to avoid them . you need to move faster to never be near the left side of the screen .
the drone will fire at missiles before your dodge check ; there is never a case where a drone will say " eh , it'll miss , i will just let it go by . " if there are multiple missiles inbound , the drone will shoot the first , and you will have to hope for a decent dodge roll on the rest . see also this other question about dodging , if you are thinking about cloaking to dodge a missile that got past your drone .
in cataclysm , you are going to have two chief contenders , heartsong and hurricane . heartsong increases your spirit , and hurricane increases your haste rating . given the climate of pvp , i think that hurricane will be situationally better , simply because haste will always be useful , while you are unlikely to be guaranteed a situation to make full use of the spirit proc every time . on the otherhand , the material requirements of hurricane are greater , so if you are strapped for cash , you might want heartsong in the meantime ( especially if you are using the same weapon to raid with , not unlikely when cataclysm first releases ) heartsong hurricane
someone has posted an excellent guide on how to do this on the steam forums summarized here : edit your bioinput . ini file and put these commands under the bindings section ( bioinput . ini > sfxgame > sfxgamemodebase > bindings ) : ( name="numpadzero " , command="fov 32" ) ( name="numpadone " , command="fov 0" ) ( name="numpadtwo " , command="fov 75" ) ( name="numpadthree " , command="fov 80" ) ( name="numpadfour " , command="fov 85" ) ( name="numpadfive " , command="fov 90" ) ( name="numpadsix " , command="fov 95" ) ( name="numpadseven " , command="fov 100" ) ( name="numpadeight " , command="fov 105" ) ( name="numpadnine " , command="fov 110" ) you can add as many as you want but these will allow you to adjust fov in game .
be warned ; spoilers follow . . . kaidan or ash shows up at the end of the first mission . they will be unavailable to the party for a while . they can possibly die , or re-join the party later on . liara joins the party on mars . garrus shows up when you go to rescue the turian leader and joins your party kasumi shows up when you agree to help a fellow specter investigate a hanar diplomat on the citadel . when the mission ends , she can join up as a war asset . thane is in the hospital on the citadel . he cannot join your mission since his condition is terminal . miranda will communicate with you several times , and meet up on the citadel . you will later encounter her on a mission where it is possible for her to die . if she survives she will become a war asset . zaeed can be found on the citadel while investigating the volus ambassador . this quest is triggered after the cerberus attack on the citadel . he can join up as a war asset . wrex , shows up at the summit between the alien leaders after you retrieve the turian patriarch . he stays on the normandy , but he does not join your party . mordin can be found on the mission to rescue the krogan females . he will come aboard the normandy , but he will not join your party . grunt is found on a mission from wrex to rescue some krogan scouts . he can join up as a war asset . jack shows up during the rescue mission to the grissom academy . she may join up as a war asset , and you can later talk to her at the night club on the citadel . jacob is found in the mission to retrieve some cerberus scientist that is triggered after the attack on the citadel . he can join up as a war asset and can be talked to at the hospital . samara is found in the mission to investigate an asari colony that is triggered after the attack on the citadel . she can join up as a war asset and can be talked on the citadel tali and legion are both found in the mission to recruit the quarian fleet . tali can join your team , but what happens to legion is very dependent on player choice . during the end game you will have the opportunity to speak with all your surviving squad mates past and present one last time . some other normandy crew non-squad mates show up as well . dr . chakwas can be found in the citadel hospital and can re-join the crew . the two normandy engineers from me2 can be pardoned in the spectre office , and will rejoin the crew . kelly chambers can be found in the refugee camp on the citadel . she will not join your crew . you should also convince her to go into hiding or she will get assassinated by cerberus operatives when they attack the citadel . she can also be romanced . at the end of the game you will be able to communicate with all of your surviving squad mates before the final mission . here 's some information to help with keeping your team mates alive .
heart of the swarm is an expansion pack , not a replacement . they can still play their wings of liberty game , including the campaign , and multiplayer with you . you will not be able to join a heart of the swarm ladder or multplayer game though . historically , this is also how warcraft 3 , and starcraft 1 worked . if you had brood wars , you could play a regular sc game with friends , but they could not join you in a brood wars multiplayer game .
you are mostly right . the levels where the gifts are located are academy hallways , crystal caves , and dragon graveyard . this video shows their exact locations :
yes . once you complete all the given missions on a planet , you will return to the space screen , where you can select a new ( or previously available ) planet .
you cannot put fortify enchanting onto your armor in skyrim . this is intentional as it prevents a direct feedback loop . you cannot make a fortify alchemy potion for the same reason . to clarify , enchanting can boost alchemy , and alchemy can boost enchanting but neither can boost themselves .
cast the alteration spell , detect life , or use the aura whisper dragon shout ( longer range than detect life ) to try to find your horse . the horse will usually be within the range of detect life or aura whisper , after a battle . if that fails , you can fast travel to any nearby location . you should find your horse waiting nearby the fast travel spot ( or in the nearest stable , if you fast traveled to a city ) . tip mentioned by agf : " rather than fast travel to a far location , go to whichever icon is the least greyed out on your compass -- that is the closest location . then you can fast travel to there from there and not lose any distance . " for those playing on the pc , there are mods like horse whisper , which will allow you to call or summon your horse .
update : according to notch 's blog post about changes coming in 1.6 , the torches-on-fast-leaves bug is getting fixed : fixed buttons and levers being placeable on leaves in “fast graphics” mode this means that monsters can no longer spawn on leaves , either , as they are always considered transparent , even when using fast graphics . monsters can spawn on any solid , non-transparent block which is at light level 7 or lower . signs , torches , rails , and the like are ignored when spawning monsters ; they will spawn on the block underneath just fine . this is why one-block-wide railways need to be lit . transparency means whether or not light passes through a block rather than whether you can see through it . half-blocks , doors , stairs , and glass all count as transparent and prevent monster spawning . leaves , oddly , count as transparent only when fancy graphics are enabled . an easy way to test a block for transparency is to try placing a torch or sign on it — neither can be placed on transparent blocks . ( meaning that torches can be placed on leaves with fast graphics , but not with fancy . ) torches put out light level 14 , so monsters can not spawn within 5 blocks of a torch orthogonally or 3 blocks diagonally . if you put your torches in a diamond pattern , they can be up to 9 blocks apart , but it is best to move them closer than that on uneven terrain . ( i use 5 myself . ) if you like , you can actually torch your treetops by changing your graphics to fast , placing the torches , and switching back . your torches will stay rooted , even though you would not normally be able to place them that way . personally , i think it makes them look rather cheerful . :- )
valve have said in a forum post a while back that they will look into whether they can come up with a different solution for windows users , but for now we are stuck with it . however , there is an alternative . see this post for more informations : use this at your own risk http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showpost.php?p=22253906postcount=6 it is not possible to force tf2 to a completly different codec though .
if you are trying to craft a blue crystite hybrid module , you do not need dna level 4 . even though that is what the recipe links to , you can also use varying amount of lesser materials to craft the same thing . 50 standard dna samples can be used in place of 1 level 4 . the recipe is under crystite hybrid modules . you can usually find a good number of hisser pods in the rockpools , at around ( 922,687 )
since the world of minecraft is infinite , ( see notch 's blog post about that interesting subject , ) all worlds should have all biomes , if you search far enough for them . it is possible that some seeds randomly generate very large biomes , but this is only due to the random nature of terrain generation . for versions starting with 1.7 snapshots from jeb 's blog post : biomes have been put into four main categories : snow-covered , cold , medium , and dry/warm . biomes will avoid getting placed next to a biome that is too different to itself ( sometimes this still happens , but it’s very rare now and not all over the place ) [ . . . ] most biomes have uncommon/rare variations that you may run into . for versions starting with beta 1.8 in beta 1.8 , biomes got an overhaul . they are no longer determined by randomized metrics such as rainfall and temperature . rather , they appear to be assigned randomly to fractal sections of the world , as determined by the world 's seed . this was done to better allow new biomes to be inserted . rather than changing the entire temperature/rainfall simulation , new biomes can simply be generated when new chunks are explored . this is also why biome information is now stored in the anvil file format itself , rather than regenerated every time the game is run . in this way , even if generation code changes occur , currently-explored biomes should not change . lastly , new " technical " biomes were introduced to support transitioning from one specific biome to another . for versions prior to beta 1.8 biomes are defined using different aspects of environment such as a rainfall and temperature , which presumably are defined in a similar manner to height ( ie . a perlin noise map overlaying the world . ) these are used to determine the biome for that area , with deserts being hot and dry , rainforests being hot and wet , etc . the minecraft wiki has some great illustrations of biomes , with one of the most informative being this one : assuming rainfall and temperature are evenly distributed , the distribution of each biome should be relative to their size in the graphic above . ( this may not be a true assumption , though , and would take some digging into the source code to tell . ) to answer your final question , " north " and " south " are abstract and irrelevant , due to the infinite nature of minecraft . minecraft worlds do not simulate a planet , but a massive , flat world . for those of you interested in a more procedural biome-generation method , check out dungeonleague . com , and this post and few preceding posts in particular .
i have created a mod , itemdumper for 1.5.2 , ( and for 1.4.7 ) to serve this purpose for you . it is pretty hacky , i would not recommend you keep it loaded while just playing . install it in the usual way . when you log in to a world it will dump out all the id 's , metadata , name and tool tip , in the form &lt;id&gt;:&lt;metadata&gt; = &lt;name&gt; = &lt;tooltip&gt; into a file called " itemdump . txt " in your current working directory , ( for ftb , this is the folder specified as the start up path , in the launcher ) . sample output : the tooltip is probably useless . note that it does not catch all the different metadata values a item can incure from being damaged . only those that can be spawned ( by search ) in creative mode . the source code , released under mit license . it has at least one bug . it does not dump the id 's for any items that do not show up in the creative mod , item search . this includes , for example , forge multipart blocks . at somestage i may fix this , i would need to work out how nei gets a list of items . i suspect there is some kind of second forge item list . thanks to gunther struyf , for compiling and uploading the 1.4.7 version .
my best advice is to predict where the enemy is going to go . for example , if an enemy was going down the vents in turbine , you may want wait behind a bend and initiate your taunt kill , so that it will hit the enemy when he turns the corner . here is one taunt kill i got : when i saw the soldier coming up the path at about 7 seconds ( it is a little hard to see him , he appears from under my gun ) , i retreated and waited behind where he was going to pop out of , and taunted . if your goal is specifically to get a taunt kill , you may want to favor certain classes . heavy has the fastest taunt kill , with pyro 's hadouken slightly slower than the heavy 's .
i finally managed to get an s rank on that final battle , and the answer to my question is no , getting an s rank on all battles does not serve any actual purpose . i managed that final battle based on the advice found over here , specifically : kinda easy , dodge side to side while he is attacking , when he is done , spam chidori . if you are really stuck with low health , go awakening mode , spam triangle , circle and it will insta-cast amaterasu lowering his health by 1/4 of a bar each time . do not worry about low health , finishing in awakening mode is an additional objective which you need to do anyway to get the viper fang , and you should get an s rank . however , like many things on the internet , when someone makes something seem simple it is often not the case . what i did do is use the iron-kettle bento ( which prevents your guard from being broken ) and then i just blocked until i had an opening , hit him with chidori , rinsed and repeated . the only thing to look out for is killer bee 's overhead smash attack that simply ignores your guard .
there is no way to prevent silverfish from entering blocks ( although this seems to me that it should be prevented by mobGriefing , maybe you should suggest it ? ) . i do not know if this is suitable , but a potential solution is to set the difficulty to peaceful . then , if silverfish did spawn they would instantly de-spawn again .
the earth cruiser , despite otherwise sucking pretty bad , is actually decent against slylandro probes . practice in quick battle mode for a while , just a lot of earth cruisers vs . slylandro probes , until you are good at it . the strategy i use against the probes : keep your distance . basically stay as far away as the battle map lets you . the probes have no long range weapons , just the lightning thing that only works if the probe is right on top of you . also , your missiles work better if they have a long way to travel ( unintuitive but true ! ) . 3 missile hits will kill a probe . if it closes and blasts you a bit with the lightning , try to keep it away from asteroids . the lightning has a limited charge ; a probe can not kill an earth cruiser on one charge . it will recharge if it hits an asteroid , but it generally is not smart enough to go get it . so once it is blown its wad , it sometimes just buzzes back and forth next to you without doing anything . . . as long as you stay away from the asteroids . feel free to blast it with the point defense laser when it closes in , too . the point defense laser can also be used to blow up asteroids , if you somehow beat the probe to them . not sure how i recommend doing this . supposedly the probe will back off if you aim your guns at it ; this allows the spathi ship to be extremely effective with the butt missiles . i did not know this but this source claims it is so . go visit the slylandro planet as soon as you can manage it . they live in the north-west corner of the galaxy , on a gas giant planet . prioritize fuel and speed upgrades until you can get there , and they will give you the code to make the probes self-destruct . alternatively , one of the exits from quasispace is pretty close to the slylandro planet , but you will want to get the portal spawner first so that you can use quasispace to get home as well . as an added bonus , the probes are the fastest npcs in hyper ( as fast as the progenitor ship with 10/11 speed upgrades ) , so once you are fast enough to dodge them , you can run away from anything else in space .
in all iterations of counter-strike by default it is set to 45 seconds . in most competitive and league matches , this value is changed to 35 seconds . this can be changed in the console by the server admin with the command : mp_c4time "[time in seconds]"  in cs:source and cs:go the command is : mp_c4timer "[time in seconds]"  make sure to wrap time in quotes .
in the game options you can specify the lengths of seasons in days ( max being 28 ( ? ) days )
strength increases your armor by 1 point per point . dexterity increases your dodge chance by 0.01%-0.1% per point . intelligence increases all resistances by . 1 per point . this has a number of interesting effects - most notably , because of the way resistance works ( it is functionally identical to armor ) , stacking small amounts of int on a barbarian , demon hunter , or monk can result in a dramatic survivability increase . resistance , like armor , will reduce all damage you take , and , like armor , you gain substantially larger marginal benefit by increasing it when you do not have much . since typically , a monk ( for example ) , will have a reasonably high armor stat from gear and passives , and very low int , adding just a little bit of int via an oddly itemized piece of gear can provide a really large survivability boost - certainly more of one than trying to add armor via strength . however , because everyone has a decent amount of armor inherent in their items , increasing strength for a similar benefit is generally not worthwhile unless you are playing a barbarian that wants the damage boost as well , or a wizard or witch doctor with a very high resistance stat already .
magic weapon ( and all its runed varieties ) has a pretty distinctive glow , and when the glow fades , so too has the buff . but you should not even need to keep track of it . magic weapon costs a measly 25 arcane power , which is 2.5 seconds worth of regen or less ! i think the real solution is to get in the habit of casting magic weapon at the end of every fight , because there is no reason not to refresh the duration . between frequent recasting and the buff 's 5-minute duration , you will never have to worry about letting the buff drop . and for the future , the 1.0.3 patch will add in a buff timer ( point 7 ) . we are adding a buff icon for magic weapon in 1.0.3 . we do not intend to add one for familiar as it is a physically visible object on your screen . magic weapon was actually impossible to tell if it was up in quite a few cases . we will be continuing to watch skills and buff icons , though , as there could be some situations where we need to expose more .
it depends on the skill in question . first off , channeled skills are exactly the same as normal skills in terms of triggering things , except you do not need to re-cast the ability between each tick . each channeled skill has a " tick " ( that occurs more often the faster attack speed you have ) , and it is these ticks that trigger on-hit effects . each " tick " is when you pay the resource cost of the skill . now , whether channeled skills are better depends on the on-hit effect you are trying to use . anything with a listed % chance on hit , e.g. 1.1% chance to fear on hit , will be better the more attacks/ticks you make . something listed as a " chance to happen " , such as the wizard 's " critical mass " i.e. . , " critical hits have a chance to reduce the cooldown of your spells by 1 second . " are most likely set up for ppm ( proc per minute ) , which means you have a better chance of triggering them with a slow weapon , with the intent that you get the same number of triggerings , procs , over any given time period as a faster weapon . lastly , bear in mind that all that matters is the " tick " times . if rapid fire shoots 10 arrows per tick , all 10 of those arrows represent a single chance on hit ( much like the monk 's way of a hundred fists ) so to conclude , no , it is not better to use lots of channeled / dot skills , for the simple reason that they do not provide any innate advantage . unless you are fishing for procs , you will gain a much better chance to trigger things by using a faster weapon than any particular ability .
swarm hosts can work quite well defensively if the enemy engages in a medium sized choke . e.g. the average choke to a natural . however , it is easy for the enemy to bypass this . if the enemy drops in the main or on top of the swarm hosts , it will take too long to reroute the locusts . by the time the next wave of locusts is in position , the enemy will have had tonnes of time to inflict undefended damage . sure , if the enemy is on the defensive when your swarm hosts are sieging an expansion , the enemy can also drop on top of your swarm hosts . the big difference here is that if the enemy commits a large portion of his army to drop on the swarm hosts , the current wave of locusts will batter down the expansion . so the difference is that when swarm hosts are sieging , the current wave of locusts are forcing the enemy to a certain position so that he can defend . when swarm hosts are defending , the current wave of locusts can be easily ignored by the enemy .
dyes seem to be found per difficulty level , and are random within the the game as to what colors you find with what merchants each difficulty level will have new dye colors in addition to the dyes from the difficulty levels below it normal : aquatic ( light blue ) , spring ( light green ) , tanner 's ( brown ) , winter ( light grey ) nightmare : cardinal ( red ) , royal ( light purple ) , desert , ranger ( green ) , autumn ( orange ) hell : lovely ( light pink ) , elegant ( dark pink ) , marine ( blue ) , summer inferno : gold , inferno ( red ) , abyssal ( black ) , purity ( white ) , forrester ( green ) edit the only exception seems to be the act i dye merchant in new tristan . he does not seem to live by the same rules than the other dye merchants do , although i have not quite figured out what his rules are . normal : green , brown , and light grey only nightmare : was not paying attention hell : only had normal + nightmare colors until either act ii , or a specific point in act i . i can not remember which , but do remember being disappointed that he did not have new colors , and know i spent quite a bit of time in act i and checked his colors many times inferno : had two new colors the first time i saw him , so perhaps i just had bad luck in hell ?
make sure you have the latest drivers from nvidia for your primary card . make sure the primary card is enabled and is being used , since the onboard intel card is garbage .
cover the walls with signs . spiders can not climb a wall if it is covered in signs . i just tested it .
the multiplayer head start kit is optional . source : bought the premium edition for a friend .
you can purchase the game from another retailer and simply give the key to the recipient . there are many sites . here are a couple battlefield 3 premium edition links : gamersgate . com ( this site has a ' gift ' option which allows you to gift a game to a fellow user on gamersgate , or email it to someone ) amazon . com greenmangaming . com gamefly . com with premium edition , usually you will get 2 keys : one for limited edition ( with karkand ) and one for premium .
there does not really seem to be much of a bonus for clearing an outpost stealthily . in fact , the max cp from a base capture i have gotten was from this strategy : run into the outpost like your face is on fire , and mash the green " mega shields " button to drop the shields , which spawns a blood dragon which rampages through the base stay on the periphery of the chaos and execute takedowns and headshots on unsuspecting soldiers once everyone is dead ( or nearly so ) find a mounted gun and off the blood dragon ( worth a large bonus - 5000 cp per kill ) once everyone is dead and the dragon is out of the base or also dead , the base automatically comes under your control and you get the " base captured " bonus . if there is no mounted gun , you can use a powerful weapon ( the sniper rifle with explosive bullets , for instance ) to off the dragon , or you can wait for everyone to die , which spawns friendly snacks . . . err . . . scientists that will distract it while you get the kill . staying far away is also a good strategy - the dragon 's laser attack takes time to charge , so you can strafe out , take some shots , and strafe back before it fires .
the beef clud is actually a quite easy boss to beat if you know how to do it correctly . the best method is to rapidly use your jump attack , and if you make two perfect jumps ( excellent ) , it should sometimes wake him up . just keep using your jump attack over and over .
cleffa , clefairy , clefable , togepi , snubbull , and granbull have been changed to pure fairy-type .
as far as i remember , there are no houses off-road ! the only tasks that can give you access to houses are the ones you have to complete for a character that does not allow you to pass until you finish his request . to be sure you have not missed any houses , check if the lights are on . if they are , you have not knock at that door . on the other hand , lights off means you have already knocked at this house . completing the bobbing for apples quest will only give you the sweet tooth creepy treat card . here they are : - 2 on your left of your house on the same street . - if you take the street that goes to the park ( right street from your house ) , there is 4 houses ( 2 on the left of the street , 2 on the right ) - if you take the street that goes to the graveyard ( left street from your house ) , there is 4 houses ( 2 on the left of the street , 2 on the right ) - on the horizontal street at the bottom of the park , there is 5 houses ( left side of the park : 2 at the top of the street ; right side of the park : 1 at the top of the street and 2 at the bottom ) - on the horizontal street at the top of the park , there is 5 houses ( 1 at the bottom on the left extremity , 3 at the top of the street and the last at the right extremity ) .
once you reach max level you will certainly be grinding act 1 inferno for awhile ; both to boost your own abilities via the odd lucky find and to get enough gold to get the elite items necessary to progress past act 1 . on these runs , you will want to have as much mf as possible without sacrificing your ability to kill and avoid being killed , as more mf translates into more gold and more rares/legendary , so both your " lucky find " ratio as well as your gold output will improve . as such , ignore what ebongo just said and work on getting mf when you hit max level .
there is a mod which unlocks it for normal play . you can find it here http://www.nexusmods.com/watchdogs/ ? its called ulimate car on demand mod .
i do not really care about my sentinel 's dps so i tossed my dethcube 's dethrifle onto my carrier . i use the steel fiber , regeneration ( ? ) , shield mod , rifle firing speed , vacuum , and the mods that have a chance to reduce enemy hp ( can not remember off the top of my head ) . if you want bonus dps , i think your best bet is to use the reduc hp/armor combinations with increased status chance ( not that difficult with the re-release of the cicero mods and the mods you get from whatever event is going on right now ) .
you have to beat the elite four/the champion in order for drayden to teach you draco meteor .
yes , it does . i tried an experiment in a single-player world with an infinite cloning machine , and it worked there . also refer to this sethbling video , with basically the same thing except with a hopper clock .
it can happen that a piece is chosen that you already have , because it is randomly chosen . if a piece is brought to you by the bird that you already have , nothing happens . if a piece you do not have is picked , it will be added to your collection . in both cases you lost your coins however . you can also hear the difference , because a newly piece will generate a tingeling sound , and when you will get nothing , there is no extra sound . so yes , it is possible to collect a double piece , but it will have no consequences .
wii classic the original wii supports gamecube games on disc , and has gamecube controller ports hidden under a plastic door . wii family edition there is an " updated " wii that goes by " wii family edition " on the retail box . it is identical in many ways to the old style wii , down to the form factor . however , it does not support gamecube discs or controllers . the best way to tell them apart is the model number - the family edition is model number rvl-101 , and the " classic " wii is model number rvl-001 . this number is printed on a label on the bottom of the unit when it is in the vertical orientation . if it is lying horizontally , this label is on the right side of the unit when looking at the front . you can confirm this information on nintendo 's support website . click to view the wii manuals , and you will see two sets , one for the rvl-001 , and one for the rvl-101 . the 001 manual mentions the gamecube ports , while the 101 does not . in addition to the model number change , there are a couple of other telltale signs : the plastic panel covering the gamecube ports on the family edition is screwed down , where on the older model it flipped open . underneath , the holes are present for the controller ports , but the ports themselves are empty . the serial numbers on the " classic " wii tend to start with l , and the family edition serial numbers appear to start with k . however , since serial numbers are at the discretion of the manufacturer , i would hesitate to act on that information alone . the family edition wii does not ship with the vertical stand , although since the case design is identical to the previous design it can be used horizontally or vertically . the family editon 's wii logo is parallel to the disc drive slot , ( making it correctly oriented when the unit is horizontal ) whereas it was perpendicular to the drive slot on the original wii . wii mini/wii u since introducing the family edition , nintendo has also released the wii mini in some markets , which does not support gamecube games at all . it is also missing network support , and has a top-loading disc drive rather than the front-loading drive of the original wii design . it is essentially a bare-bones , stripped down version of the original wii . the new iteration of nintendo gaming hardware is called the wii u . despite similar names , and cross-compatibility with certain wii peripherals , the new wii u does not support gamecube discs either .
not within the game , no you cannot use a game controller to play . diablo 3 on pc is intended to be played with mouse and keyboard . using an external program / mod to add this capability not a good idea , as it is most certainly against the eula . using external things to change the game experience is a potentially bannable offense . edit many moons later : section 2-2 of the eula ( http://us.blizzard.com/en-us/company/legal/d3_eula.html ) is pretty all-encompassing about what you agreed you will not do : use cheats , automation software ( bots ) , hacks , or any other unauthorized third-party software designed to modify the game experience , including without limitation , mods that violate the terms of this license agreement or the terms of use ; i would personally categorize a system to use a gamepad without going through the game itself to be something that is " designed to modify the game experience . " diablo 3 is now playable on consoles , which obviously use gamepads to great effect , but the game mechanics are subtly different to compensate ( for example , on consoles there is a dedicated dodge mechanic ) . i am not sure why they never got around to enabling gamepads on the pc version , though .
in Steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\portal2\maps , you can find the commentary information called sp_a2_trust_fling_commentary.txt which contains these two relevant lines : "precommands" "developer 1;ent_bbox trigger_catapult" "postcommands" "ent_bbox trigger_catapult;developer 0"  so , you can run developer 1 to enable developer commands and ent_bbox trigger_catapult to trigger the debugging information for the trigger_catapult entity . here is what happens when i do developer 1;ent_bbox trigger_catapult without triggering :
according to the rubicon patch notes a mobile tractor unit cannot be deployed : within 40km of a control tower within 50km of a gate or station within 5000m of another mobile tractor unit as such it should be possible to deploy multiple mobile tractor units at the same time ( assuming sufficient cargo space to carry them + your loot as each tractor unit takes up 100m3 ) edit : having been on the test server and checked them out i can confirm that multiple tractor units can definitely be deployed together but , at least on the current test server build , will have a tendency to play tug-of-war with wrecks due to their required minimum separation .
the mile high club , which can be found in the top right corner of the map , is the most immediate option that comes to mind . confirmed by poindexter , thanks !
if you are popular with the bohemians you can cash-in your connections for honey at the shuttered palace . other than that you occasionally get honey from opportunity cards , and there are some lowish level stories in spite ( rob a honey den ) and veilgarden ( write about your honey dreams ) , that will net you a small quantity at a time . these are the only sources i have come across so far ( d85/w87/p66/s54 ) .
using sanguine pool will have no effect on shen 's ult . shen will appear as expected , and vlad will get the shield , as expected ( though due to his un-targetability , he will not be able to use it until sanguine pool finishes ) .
since patch 1.9 there is no maximum level anymore . if you have a skill at 100 you can make it " legendary " . this resets the skill to 15 , gives all perk points invested in that specific tree back . be warned : you lose all the benefits of having a higher skill level ! the advantages of making skills legendary are : difficulty increase , since the enemies do not have their skills reduced . you can continue to level up and earn extra skill perks . it is possible to repeatedly make a skill legendary or to make multiple skills legendary , this allows you to ( slowly ) unlock all perk points . level 81 is the maximum level in skyrim without making any skill legendary there is a linearly constant amount of " experience " required for each level . the formula is simply : ( level-1 ) * 25 + 100 where level is your current level . " experience " in this case is earned strictly through skill ups . leveling a skill to x will give you x experience towards your next level . for instance , to level from level 1 to level 2 , you require 100 experience . this means you can either raise 5 skills to level 20 , one skill to level 21 ( assuming it starts at 15 ) , or any other permutation thereof . also , and this is important : there is no soft cap _ level 81 is just as ( relatively ) easy to reach as level 11 , it just requires more total experience . since all races have +10 to one skill and +5 to five skills , this means there is a total of 88,085 " experience " to earn , and this is constant across the ten races . level 82 would require 89,100 total experience , and is currently unreachable . thus , when your character maxes all of their skills , they will be level 81 .
when you are prompted to deal with your pirates , you are given two options - warn them or sue them . if you choose to warn your pirates , your fans will respond positively to the fact you did not launch all out war against gamers pirating your game . you will be presented with a brief bit of story about how piracy is rife within the games industry and that many developers are taking gamers to court over it , while others are taking a more relaxed approach to the issue . you will get some positive feedback from them and also gain some additional fans . if you choose to sue your pirates , you will get a backlash from your fans , who will be unhappy about you being heavy handed over the situation . you will lose a lot of fans as a result of your actions , but gain some money back in legal claims ; if you are not given two options like in the screenshot on the question , but instead receive a screenshot like below , then you are actually a real life pirate who stole the game instead of buying it ; perhaps you should consider buying the game rather than downloading it illegally !
command squads have a command radius . other squads inside that command radius will have their morale and skills boosted .
that is most definitely a hacked shield . the reason it caps at that number is because the value is stored as a 32 bit integer , which has a maximum value of 2147483647 . furthermore , exercise extreme caution when picking up items from strangers . there are certain ways to hack an item that will corrupt the save of someone who picks it up .
searching is not affected by much ; it is based on your luck , whether or not you are wearing lenses , and whether you are wielding excalibur and nothing else . in particular , being blind does not prevent you from searching , although it does mean you need to feel all the surrounding spaces to search ( which is bad if there is a cockatrice in one of them ) - although being blind does mean that you get no benefit from wearing lenses . a few things that come to mind that could explain your difficulties : not all closets have doors . " vlad was here " means there is a closet there , but there is no guarantee that a door generated along with it . the bonus from excalibur requires you to be wielding it . just carrying it has no effect . the bonus from excalibur is based on its enchantment . a +0 excalibur gives you no benefit ( apart from automatically searching every turn when wielded ) . a -3 excalibur makes you worse at searching . just because you have a luckstone does not mean you are lucky ! a cursed luckstone makes you unlucky . an uncursed one prevents good and bad luck from eventually resetting , so if you have bad luck and an uncursed luckstone , you will have bad luck forever ( or at least until some other event raises your luck ) . so , things to check : check your luck with enlightenment . if you have bad luck , that will make you much worse at searching . identify your luckstone and excalibur . if excalibur has a negative enchantment , stop wielding it . if the luckstone is cursed , put it in a bag until you can get it uncursed or , if you have bad luck , blessed . if you have a stethoscope , use that to check walls that you think contain secret doors - it will find them with complete reliability . if you can not find one with a stethoscope , there is not one there .
you could place a beacon nearby that would give them a regeneration buff . starvation causes a loss of 1 point every 4 seconds , while a level 1 regeneration buff gives 1 point every 25 ticks ( or 1.25 seconds ) , so you should be able to keep them at full health even when their hunger bar is empty .
surely it should be simple enough to figure out . i ran a stopwatch to figure out how much real world time it takes for some nice number of in-game time . turtle : 30s real-world / 15m in-game -> 1s real-world / 30s in-game llama : 30s real-world / 1h in-game -> 1s real-world / 2m in-game cheetah : 30s real-world / 2h in-game -> 1s real-world / 4m in-game so from turtle to llama , it is a 4x speedup . from llama to cheetah is 2x speedup . from turtle to cheetah is 8x speedup . so you can do the math if you want to figure out various times . for llama speed : real-world time for 1 in-game day ( the full day/night cycle ) : 1 day in-game = 24h ig = 24*30s rw = 720s rw = 12m real-world real-world time for 1 in-game month ( 1 month ig = 1 day ig ) : 1 month in-game = 1 day ig = 12m real-world real-world time for 1 in-game year : 1 year in-game = 12 months ig = 12*12m rw = 144m rw = 2h24m real-world then scale accordingly if you want to figure out the turtle and cheetah times .
sadly no , there is no way to stop any kind of fire , you are just supposed to let it die on its own . you can act preventively , setting up your crops and your eventual reserve of wood with enough space to reduce the damages , but in the end , in case of fire , you can just sit back and collect charcoal and ashes afterwards . even rain , that by logic should help controlling the fire , actually makes the fire consume the objects more quickly .
the flying pigs are a part of the portal mod at christmas . if you want to disable just temporarily change your system day to the 26th .
you can unlock any type of item ( primary , secondary , equipment , perk , death streak ) with a prestige token and it will stay unlocked for your entire mw3 prestige career you will need to re-earn the pro version of the perk that you chose to unlocked with your prestige token . all items ( challenges , attachments , weapon level , weapon proficiency and camo ) reset when you prestige in mw3 . this feature is available after prestige level 1 .
no , there are no mounts or vehicles . however , you can purchase upgrades to your sprint speed from a vendor at your factions hq . for the illuminati at least , he is labelled as the mobility and tactics trainer . these upgrades are called quickened anima . they come in +62.5% , +75% and +100% speed varieties ( non-cumulative ) , are locked to faction rank and can be purchased at ranks 2 , 4 , and at a cost of 100,000 , 500,000 and one million pax romana respectively .
black soul gems are exactly like grand soul gems - with one significant perk : they can trap humanoid souls . regular soul gems are restricted to creatures and undead only . but black soul gems ? tired of the blacksmith sending out hits on you ? kill him , trap him in a black soul gem , enchant him into a ring , and then sell the ring back to his wife . justice is served !
cooldown reduction ( cdr ) has a hard cap at 40% . you can get 10% cdr from masteries alone ( 9/0/21 ) , and 7.50% from flat cooldown glyphs or 10% from scaling cdr glyphs , a little more if you invest in cdr seals or marks ( though they will provide a lesser amount than the glyphs . if you are playing summoner 's rift , the crest of the ancient golem provides a buff giving scaling mana regen and a flat cooldown reduction bonus of 10% . you can hit the cap with a 9/0/21 mastery page in conjunction with scaling cdr glyphs , a blue buff , and an elixir of brilliance ( blue pot ) . however , you cannot hit the cap using only masteries and runes . you can get up to 32.5% : 10% from a 9/0/21 mastery page , 1.8% from flat cdr marks , 3.2% from flat cdr seals , 10% from scaling cdr glyphs , and 7.5% from scaling cdr quintessences .
stuart pernsteiner 's enchantment strategy guide is an excellent resource . ( in theory . i have not collected enough xp to apply it well yet , but i have not heard anyone saying it is incorrect . ) it provides tables and charts which list the conditions for the minimum xp or item cost for a given enchantment . according to the table for silk touch , you typically want to be at level 50 to get the best chance , unless you are enchanting a gold tool in which case you should be level 49 . however , you should still expect to enchant an average of 7 tools before getting silk touch rather than another enchantment .
it is from the actual city tile , not the border of the city . so , russia can build adjacent to your border as long as that border does not fall within 4 tiles of one of your cities . on the city state 's border suddenly a wild city appears
as of patch 1.0.4 the maximum gold find is now capped at 300% . the only exception is nephalem valor which can bring the total gold find to 375% . pre patch information : according to datamining sites ( example ) the relevant item affixes are : amulet : prosperous : chance to find gold increases by 41-50% ring/armor/offhand : prosperous : chance to find gold increases by 21-25% so , here is a try at the most possible gold find . amulet slot : 50% all other slots except weapon : 11 * 25% = 275% ( head , shoulders , torso , wrists , hands , waist , legs , feet , 2x rings , offhand ) helmet gem slot : 31% ( radiant star emerald ) follower amulet slot : 50% * 20% follower bonus ratio = 10% follower ring and offhand slots : 3 * 25% * 20% follower bonus ratio = 15% nephalem valor : 75% shrine of fortune : 25% demon hunter ferret companion : 10% total : 491% there may be some legendaries with increased gold find , so more than this may be possible . however this is not at all realistic , because 1 ) it would take ages to find perfect " prosperous " items for all these slots , and 2 ) your gear would likely be decidedly suboptimal for your class if all you sought was prosperous items . overall , to maximize profit , i think you would do better optimizing for your class 's dps stats , and adding in as much gold find and magic find as you can without hurting your kill rate or survivability .
edit , october 2013: this solution is now outdated ; though , with the new filename still valid . changing the directory from within the client 's settings should work without a problem . see stackexchange-url for a detailed walkthrough . locate the " origin " sub-folder in your application data - or simply use start | run | "%appdata%\origin " . there is a local . xml file , open it with a text editor and change the path in the line that begins with &lt;Setting key="DownloadInPlaceDir" 
wikipedia 's article on arrow keys covers some of the history of wasd : the scheme was not popularized until competitive play in quake and subsequently quakeworld made clear its advantages over the older arrow key configurations . competitive quake play only popularised the layout though , as it was not the first time they were used : in the same year that castle wolfenstein was released , 1981 , the game wizardry used the awd keys for movement in a 3d dungeon . both the programmers of castle wolfenstein and wizardry were users of the earlier plato system where the game moria used the awd keys . so they were popularised by quake and the fpss that followed and made it default , but they had been around as a control scheme for a while already .
foil badges are separate from regular badges , and only have one level . crafting a foil badge will provide 100 steam xp , the same as a level of the regular badge . source : steam trading card faq " there is no extra benefit to having foil cards or foil badges aside from their rarity . "
after testing this , the trick to throwing gas cans involves shoving the gas can as soon as you throw it : step 1: obtain a gas can . step 2: put your crosshairs at least 45° from the ground . i had better results the higher my crosshairs were angled . step 3: move forward , then throw it by pressing mouse1 . do not press e because you will just drop it . step 4: as soon as the gas can is released in front of you , shove it by pressing mouse2 . the shove causes it to launch further . the timing between mouse1 and mouse2 is about a tenth of a second . you will know you did it right if you see the gas can more " flung " into the air ( meaning it spins a bunch ) . jumping is optional , as it adds a little height to the throw , but does not contribute to distance nearly as much as shoving the can . a note to those who want to practice this : do not do it on survival . the shove does not work on gas cans in this game mode , and after you shove it three times , it explodes into a flamey-gasoliney mess . to put it in a simplified graph that also doubles as a masterpiece work of art : this illustrates the importance of aiming upwards vs aiming towards the horizon .
i think you chose to lower the wrong stat . initial special total : +208 also , all skills initially start at 2 , so do not forget the extra ( 13*2 ) = +26 points ] reasoning strength only controls melee whereas charisma controls speech and barter , resulting in a difference of 22 ( i.e. . 2+10+10 ) - 14 ( i.e. . 10+2+2 ) = 8 . luck at 9 will give the max of +5 to all skills , but that can be taken care of with an implant later on , leaving more room to play with other skills via special or intense training . traits add the two traits ( although you need to constantly find and wear glasses to keep you perception at 6 instead of 4 before any intense training or implant ) . this will add +10 skill points [ per ( 6 ) = 2 ener + 2 lock + 2 expl ) + ( agl ( 4 ) = 2 guns + 2 sneak ) tags tag three skills ( does not matter which i do not think ) for another +45 skill books assuming 4 skill books per skill ( 4*3*13= +156 ) perks taking educated at level 4 will net you a total of +32 skill points until level 20 . taking comprehension before you read any skill books will net you an extra +52 ( 1*13*4 ) skill points ( assuming 4 skill books per skill ) . taking tag ! will net you another +15 intense training this is the only other perk that will grant you more skill points ; via special . i recommend 3 for p erception ( with an implant and four eyes will max to ten ) since that controls three skills ( 3*2*3 = +18 ) . mix 4 more among e ndurance , c harisma , or a gility ; since p and i are maxed , s only controls 1 skill , and luck will be maxed out skill wise via implant . ( 4*2*2= +16 ) . remember : distribute elsewhere if a skill is already at 9 , implants will take each to 10 later on . note : this covers all of the perks you will get through level 20 . implants only the implants that affect special will raise skill points . remember : you will need 6 endurance for 6 implants . S (+2) P (+6) E (+4) C (+4) I (*MAXED*) A (+4) L (+13) [+1 to ALL 13 skills when luck goes from 8-&gt;9]  total : +33 level ups after already accounting for educated and with int at 10 you are left with 15 points per level for 19 more levels with ( 19 * 15 ) = +285 . remember : only distribute a maximum of 57 ( including any additional tag value ) to a single skill ( dead money : 53 ) , because of points gained via skill books ( 16 [ dm : 20 ] ) and the on the corresponding maxed special and 9 luck ( 27 ) value . Initial: 234 + Traits: 10 + Tags: 45 + Books: 156 + Perks: 99 + Train: 34 + Implnt: 33 + Lvl: 285 ____________ 896  which is 404 below the maximum of 1300 ( 100*13 ) . dead money adds 5 more levels and 13 more skill books . 5*17 = 85 4*13 = 52  and two more chances at intense training for e , c , or a = ( 2*2*2 ) = 8 adding another +145 skill points . edit i thought about it again and made some changes regarding luck , and some other things that were wrong . edit 2 this is going to end up being stupid long , but yes you can reach max skill stats using clothing ( which i kind of did already by relying on the 4 eyes perk ) and skill magazines ( utilizing the already added comprehension perk ) and you have the dead money dlc . from the top : you these two traits : small frame four eyes you need these three pieces of clothing : the followers lab coat lucky shades motorunners helmet you need these perks : educated ( must be taken at level 4 , when you first can access it ) comprehension ( must be taken before any skill books are read ) tag ! ( can be distributed to whatever you need at the time ) intense training * 10 you can get it 2 additional times during dm use only on p , e , c , and a only use it on p once this leaves 4 available perks . total = floor ( 35/2 ) = 17 17 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 10 = 4 this also assumes all of the skill books from new vegas and dead money . there are conflicting reports of one more big book of science and one less wasteland survival guide . i will take that into consideration , but in the end it does not matter too much . initial -> trait -> clothing -> implant -> training i will show the progression from least distributable points ( skill dependent items or special ) to most distributable points ( tags and level ups ) . note that this is out of any kind of in game chronological order , and i am leaving out most of the step by step how to do it in a game ( i am not really up to writing a walk-through just yet ) . this will establish a base on how to distribute the tags and leveling up points in game . initial -> trait -> implant -> lucky shades -> moto 's helm -> lab coat -> training : skill book i am doing it in this order so that i can do the luck +1 all when adding on the lucky shades . luck going from 7-> 8 does not effect any of the skills but i am still counting that it happened during the add implants phase . Skill = 2 + (Stat * 2) + Ceil(Luck/2)  my order of intense training is pretty arbitrary , but i need something solid here to base everything else off of . so i am just doing top-down p , e , c , a . everything will end up at 80 in the end ( with some left over ) . but there is definitely room for variation in getting there within those 4 categories . to get all of the skills up to 80 ( the effective maximum with skill magazines ) you need ( 80*13 ) =1040 points . the current base after all of the non-distributable points have been established is shown to be 618 . 1040 - 618 = 422 subtract the following : points you get from level ups through 25 ( includes dm and educated perk ) : -402 points you get from 4 tags ( includes the tag ! perk ) : -60 and you end up with 42 points to distribute as you see fit after each skill is at 80 . again this is an effective maximum at 80 , because you can get to 100 if you need to via a skill magazine . this is all theoretical , and probably a hard build , because you need to get into caesar 's safe house to get the lucky shades and for the most part you are walking around with a strength of 1 or 2 . there is some fine tuning that could be made , but that is neither here nor there , in the end it is possible using this definition of a " max stats " .
the dlc you are looking for has been unavailable on steam since at least last december and it no longer appears on the rsc website product list . it is not available through any other vendors ( such as justtrains ) and so unless rsc re-release it , there is nowhere to get it from . that it is been such a long time with nothing officially mentioned suggests this is not going to happen soon ( they usually tease their releases by quite some time ) . the most obvious reason is some legal issue with licensing the brand name , but that is speculation .
x/y hm locations cut - parfum palace - in the maze in the garden at the back of the palace fly - courmaline city - from professor sycamore in a cut scene - can be used outside of battle after defeating ramos in coumarine city gym and earning the plant badge surf - shalour city - from calem/serena , after defeating korrina at the top of the tower of mastery - can be used already by the time you obtain it , after beating shalour city gym strength - cyllage city - from grant waterfall - route 19 - from shauna also useful to note - rock smash is no longer a hm but you can get it in ambrette town , from a girl outside the pokemon centre . the same goes for flash which is now a " nice-to-have " tool for lowering the amount of fights in caves .
you can trade it to other players , provided they pay you however much you had like to get for it .
after significant investigation , the only option right now is to leave the channel when you log in , to do this type /leave leaving the channel will persist in patch 1.03 . please note that we will also be making a change with patch 1.0.3 so that if you leave general chat once , the game will remember this preference and you will not automatically join general chat again when logging in . while we do not yet have a date to share for this patch , we anticipate that it will be released before the end of the month .
the equipment on the tower placing character is the equipment that matters for the defence built , so the towers would get the +20 . however , the active character 's defences get a 33% boost , as noted by patch 7.11 ( scroll down to read it ) pve : active ( non-retired ) heroes boost boost the damage output of towers they specifically summoned by 33% ( indicated via a hero face icon on the tower 's floating hud ) ( so when you switch away from the tower builder you are still nerfing your towers a little . )
no it will not . there are 3 missions that you will not be able to do as part of your storyline , but you can do them after you finish the mission you chose . picking missions randomly is okay , you just have to pick according to your style . case in point : after zero hour , you get to choose between ' unlocking ' firebats or marauders . depending on your playing style , you can choose to get firebats first . without spoiling too much , the 3 missions do not actually affect you that much . first one does not really matter because both unlock the same unit , second one give you a choice over 2 units , and the 3rd is a choice over which enemies you will face . all in all , if you just do missions randomly , eventually , you will end up with only one mission left . that will advance you through the story line ( i think if you choose that mission before doing the others , it will warn you about it ) hope that helps . if you do not care about spoilers , here is an in depth guide for the campaign : http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/campaign in addition to all of these , there are some missions that will be easier/harder depending on which units/upgrades/mercs are available to you ( e . g . welcome to the jungle is easier if you have upgraded your missile turrets and stimpacks ) .
since part of the fun of paper trail is figuring things out for yourself , i am going to spoiler-code some things , so people can get only the hints they need . however , some parts of the solution are pretty obscure , so a small nudge in the right direction may be all that many people need , myself included . examine the wallet , thoroughly . do not overlook anything you see ; it is all of potential importance . note that some items can be flipped over to examine what is on the reverse side . pay particular attention to the detective agency business card . pay particular-particular attention to the e-mail address on the business card . try opening the domain name "brunbergdetectiveagency.com" in your web browser . scroll down and click the " employees log in here " link . click the " forgot password " link on the following page . all of the clues that you need to log in can be found in the detective 's wallet . remember to check the back of every item . once you are logged in , click on the active case and read everything . enter the mobile device id into delsin 's phone on the main paper trail site . start the next leg of the mission in the game !
there is no button for it anymore . local games that have the local server option turned on automatically show up in the worlds list of other players . one of you should start up a world while the other stays on their worlds list ( the menu you see after pressing play ) and waits for it to appear at the bottom of the list . it should be blue in the list .
here is the best summary that i have found from serebii : challenge mode is essentially the " hard " setting of the game . within the challenge mode , the levels of trainer 's pokémon will be higher , starting at one level higher and reaching 5 levels higher at the end . in addition to that , the ai of the opponents will be higher . in addition to this , the gym leaders and elite four will have an extra pokémon within their squads , and their other pokémon shall have different movesets and hold items . source : serebii challenge mode
have you tried dashing at the shield ( thus vaulting over it ) and attacking his backside ? bombs and arrows also work too .
to me , the most compact design would be 6x3x3 . it is very simple and can be constructed from nearly anything . there is an approximate 50% yield . here is a video of what i mean
nope , i am afraid there is no way to increase your item level beyond your level . not while levelling , anyways . every bit of equipment prior to level 50 has an item level that matches rather closely with its required level . only once you hit max level does that open up into higher item levels .
you should try setting up an obsidian farm ! it requires at least one bucket , but will go faster the more buckets you have . consider the following picture : surround a 1x7 trough with some safe blocks . it does not matter what it is made of , as long as the blocks will not burn away ( so avoid wood , cloth , etc ) . this is the object outlined in green below . now you should have a 1x7 depression -- you want to put lava blocks into this . be careful when emptying your lavabuckets , because if you try to place a lava source block on top of another lava source block you will empty your bucket , losing the lava . i did not have lava accessible , so for the picture i used cloth . it is outlined in red . after you have got your seven lava blocks , simply place a water block on the rim of trough , indicated by the light blue outlined wood block in the picture . the water will flow over each of the seven lava blocks , turning them into obsidian . this is known colloquially as " obsidian farming " .
lockpicks always unlock optional/bonus areas . you will notice that certain locks are marked " hairpin " and this means that elizabeth can open them without needing any lockpicks . these locks are almost always story related , and are just there to keep you from skipping the combat sections . elizabeth will not pick a lock while you are in a fight . as far as these optional areas go , i have only ever seen one safe that i had trouble opening with my current lockpick count , and it was very soon after getting elizabeth . every other instance of pickable locks i have found there have been plenty of lockpicks to open . in fact , eventually i hit the cap of 30 later in the game .
after some testing you can . for this you will need : cobblestone structure pipe gate put the pipe next to the energy cell and place the gate on it . right click on the gate and choose full energy = redstone signal . lead redstone to the engine . make sure it has redstone control on it . here 's some screen shots . to cell was not full thus no redstone signal thus the engine could run goodluck .
as of patch 2.0.1 , you are now given 3 options when you die ( after a 3 second timer ) : respawn at your corpse has a countdown of 5 seconds limited to a total of 3 times within a short period of time cannot be used during boss fights . seems to replenish a ' charge ' once every 1-2 minutes . respawn at the last checkpoint instant no limit to number of times respawn in town instant no limit to number of times
there is nothing specific against cheat codes that should make the sephiroth battle impossible . however , depending on your cheat choices , you may make the battle more difficult . i am assuming the one that would destroy you is safer sephiroth , the one-winged angel form . in addition to all of its special abilities , it also has the following two bonuses that you probably triggered in your cheat methods compared to your non-cheating methods . each character at level 99 ( except aeris ) adds 30,000 max hp , 2 attack , 20 def , 5 magic , and 16 mdef . casting knights of the round on jenova∙synthesis ( who you fight just before sephiroth ) adds another 80,000 max hp . numbers were pulled from the final fantasy wiki . the previous form of sephiroth also gains increased hp from level 99 characters and using kotr on jenova , but not nearly as much . the total boost he can reach for hp alone is a factor of 5: from his normal 80,000 to 400,000 . his other stats , of course , are also improved , notedly with a strong emphasis on defense . this is what makes an under-level party ( and one who failed to acquire knights of the round ) actually easier to face off against sephiroth . i know i managed to defeat him on my first playthrough at subpar levels ( cloud only know his meteor limit , vincent his second , and i had cait sith with dice . . . i do not even know what i was playing at that time ) . the only other factor you may have run into is that in using cheat codes you might've slouched in better party upkeep , such as by forgetting to equip proper status defense ( he has a lot of those ) and buff the party consistently . past these things , though , using cheat codes should not have any direct effect . a note should be made that the faux final battle that ensues afterwards is cited to have some interesting effects when using cheat codes , none of which cause game over though . it does reinforce that cheat codes themselves should not have affected the previous fight .
while winning 100 " fair " matches against an elite ai opponent might earn the player a sense of satisfaction , the easiest and quickest way to earn the elite ( formerly insane ) ai romp achievement is to simply grind it out . the strategy employed by elite terran ai opponents is especially susceptible to a proxy 2 gate all-in strategy . following the below steps on agria valley or another 1v1 map should consistently net a win : probes should immediately begin to harvest minerals . build a probe . set nexus to a control group . build another probe . after probe is built send a probe to just outside of enemy base location . while probe is moving towards enemy base build another probe ( maxing out supply ) . once probe is outside enemy base warp in a pylon . once pylon has arrived warp in 2 gateways . send probe back to main base . have returning probe build a pylon in main base then shift right click minerals . once gateways are warped in start cranking out zealots and attacking the terran base . use the nexus 's chrono boost ability to speed up production of zealots . wait for your terran opponent to gg . between setup and game play each match will take around 5 minutes . when you do the math , earning this achievement will take more than 8 hours of repetitive slaughtering . thankfully earning the elite version will also earn you the medium and harder achievements .
as of 1.0.4 , searches do not take into account gems when searching , so you do not need to do anything special .
checking an ender chest inventory is one way to go . . . wireless redstone offers a better solution : wireless transmitter / remote and receiver i tested and they work across dimensions
on the xbox and ps3 , it is " down " on the d-pad . on the pc , by default , it is ctrl . on consoles , this button is also used to start the streaking diversion and to take screenshots . on the pc , by default it is the " crouch " key . to further describe the functions of this button on consoles : you will need to tap the button twice while not wearing any clothes for streaking tap it once while moving forward in a car to engage cruise control . tap once to make a screenshot , but this requires camera mode to be on , which is an option in your phone menu . these functions are mapped differently on pc . the feature 's not well publicized , i first learned about it from a random tooltip about 10 hours into the game . the paper manual that came with the game has the buttons listed , which is about all the info that is in the manual , period .
this trophy is actually easy if you do it on the day that emily serves churros in her restaurant . just have 2 churros on your tray at all times .
counter/piledriver : press ↑↓←→ or ↑↓→← when not firing . land on an x to get hidden powerups secret level/true ending : counter the giant rainbow laser summon goddess ( once per game ) : press ↑↑↓↓←→←→ when not firing cheat codes ( enter during play ) : rgiosa rgcats rgfill rggive rgcell rgwish rgxces reallyjoel 's mom difficulty : hold → on the difficulty selection screen for ten seconds
the easy way to do it would be to use steam 's backup feature . select " steam " on the menu bar , then " backup and restore games . . . " . choose " backup currently installed games " , after which you can pick tf2 then point the backup utility at your thumbdrive to save . ( it tells me it will be 6999 mb , which suggests that it compresses the backup , which may also be why some said it takes longer than just copying . ) to install on other computers&mdash ; restore&mdash ; go to the same menu item and just pick " restore a previous backup " you could also just copy the team fortress 2 *.gcf ( and probably the source *.gcf , and maybe the half-life 2 *.gcf 's . . . ) files out of the \steamapps folder and put them on to the computer where you want to " install " the game . other online sources , such as the valve forums , have specified these files as being the core ones : total size : ~11.0 gb the files in /steamapps/[username]/team fortress 2 are reported to be ' personal ' stuff , screenshots ( prior to a recent update ) , keybindings , crash reports , etc . you could actually copy the entire /steamapps folder , or at least all the *.gcf and *.ncf 's unless you are hard-pressed for time , i would just use the backup/restore , as it is all but guaranteed to work .
your badass rank is a universal stat that applies to all of your characters , and all of your characters contribute to your rank . you get badass ranks from completing the challenges outlined in the badass menu ( default j on pc ) . you can see these challenges in a list on the right-hand side . some challenges are tiered , and reward you with more and more badass ranks and customization items as you advance up in tiers . some challenges are one-off and provide a one-time reward . you can complete a challenge once with each character , which effectively allows you to endlessly increase your badass rank as you create more characters . you can also track challenges by clicking on them in the list . you get more badass tokens as you accumulate badass ranks . the current rate is unknown , but is estimated to be : badass rank = ( badass tokens ) 9 / 5 rounded down to the nearest whole number ( source ) . badass tokens can be spent on a set of 5 random upgrades . each upgrade can be purchased multiple times to no maximum , but there are diminishing returns . for any one upgrade that you invest in , the total accumulated magnitude of that upgrade is given by : magnitude = ( badass tokens spent on option ) 3 / 4 this means that if you invest 20 badass tokens to +% gun damage , you will have ~9.5% bonus gun damage on all of your characters ( source ) . customization items are unlockables you can use to customize your character head and body skins/colors . on request : here are the steps to calculate how many badass ranks you need for your next badass token : calculate your current expected badass tokens from your badass rank . calculate the expected badass rank for an additional token . determine the difference between the expected rank and your current rank . expected badass tokens = ( current badass rank ) 5 / 9 expected badass rank = floor ( ceil ( expected badass tokens ) 9 / 5 ) ranks needed = expected badass rank - current badass rank for example , if you are at badass rank 1000 , you have an expected 46.41 badass tokens ( meaning you have 46 available ) . for one more token ( 47 ) , you would need about 1022 badass ranks , meaning you will need about 22 more badass ranks before you get another token .
there is a built in timer since patch 1.1 . it is in the options gameplay -> display in game timer .
recently blizzard released patch for those who earned level 70 for kerrigan but did not get the achievement . that will require re-enterring storey mode or master archives . they also promised to enhance bug-fix even more . the story mode achievement kerrigan power : 70 is now awarded upon re-entering story mode or the master archives for players who previously reached kerrigan level 70 . ( an additional component to this fix will be applied in a future patch , which will properly grant credit immediately upon fulfilling achievement requirements . ) read in full here : http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/blog/9096527/
what you have to do is hunt and then the tartget you just hunted for you hypenotic gaze and when he/she is doing that selelect for the next action for your sim to do is bite then he/she should successfully bite if not try it again
no its not . the only time rebel advancement is bigger is if a rebel scout manages to escape and ' warn ' the fleet . you can always see the exact amount the rebels will advance simply by looking at the shaded section on the sector map and this does not change no matter where your next destination is , even if its across the entire sector ( assuming you have the sub system that lets you jump to any previously visited node ) .
watch the cutscene again . whenever the star child discusses an option , the camera highlights the appropriate path toward that option . " i know you have thought about destroying us . " - camera indicates the red platform and demonstrates shepard shooting it . " do you think you can control us ? " - camera indicates the blue platform and shows shepard holding on to it . " there is another solution : synthesis - camera shows the glowing green energy beam directly in front of you .
standard league : exp loss according to the difficulty you are currently playing in . normal difficulty : 0% cruel difficulty : 7.5% merciless difficulty : 15% ruthless : removed with patch 0.10 losing levels : experience lost in this way will never cause a character to drop down a level . hardcore league : character removed from hardcore league . the character and all the items they are carrying are transferred into the parent standard league . cut-throat league : items are dropped upon death , making them lootable for anyone . you also lose 30% experience points which are awarded to the killer . source edit : corrected ( source )
in short , they are valued at what people are willing to pay for it . for example , a burning flames team captain has an astronomically high value , as it is considered by many as one of the best hats in the game with one of the best unusual effects . other hats , like the nutz n ' boltz football helmet only yields 15 keys or so . if you go to backpack . tf 's unusual pricing guide , it shows how much unusuals have been traded for in the past . the value of your unusual is completely arbitrary ; it is only as valuable as the agreement of its worth between the buyer and the seller .
some of the features : the first four missions of the starcraft ii : wings of liberty single-player campaign , including mar sara 1-3 and the choice to embark on tychus’s first mission or dr . hansen’s first mission . the first two challenges : tactical command and covert ops . access to the terran race in custom games and single-player vs . ai . access to the following custom maps ( map selection may rotate over time ) : xel’naga caverns shattered temple discord iv high orbit and some of the restrictions : q . what are the restrictions of starcraft ii : starter edition ? a . starter edition players can only play up to the fourth campaign mission , and most challenge missions are unavailable . starter edition players are also unable to use versus and co-op matchmaking , most custom maps , chat channels , and the party system . publishing custom maps to battle .netis also restricted , and offline play is unavailable to starter edition players . for single-player and custom games , starter edition players may only choose the terran race . you can find this information and more here . this means you can not play ranked games , but you can play vs your friends in the 4 maps that are available for starter edition but only as terran . there is an exception if your friends own heart of the swarm , which includes a spawning feature . you may party with any heart of the swarm friend to temporarily upgrade your starter edition to a spawned edition of the game . while spawned , you may play any multiplayer game type and map with them , including ranked games . as a starter player , your race will still be locked to terran . when you leave the party , you will be downgraded back to starter edition .
this was easy enough to test . i equipped a weak hunting bow ( i am an archer so i would probably 1 shot any normal npc with my usual bow ) , and found the nearest npc that had no helmet on ( just on the off chance that helmets can prevent head shots for some reason . ) i used getav health to read the npc 's health for every shot . bullseye ! she took 79 damage regardless where i hit her , so no , there is no extra damage for headshots . my tested locations : nose hand feet stomach
landmarks generate income , but they are generally super expensive compared to the income they generate , especially compared to other buildings and shops . focus on buying other things first , and then when you have way too much cash floating around , pick up the landmarks .
a list of at least some of the cars with prices : lampadati felon gt ( coupe ) - $9500 gallivanter baller ( suv ) - $9000 lampadati felon ( coupe ) - $9000 ocelot f620 ( coupe ) - $8000 ubermacht oracle ( sedan ) - $8000 albany cavalcade ( suv ) - $7000 benefactor dubsta ( suv ) - $7000 ubermacht zion cabria ( coupe/cab ) - $6500 ubermacht sentinel xs ( coupe ) - $6000 ocelot jackal ( sedan ) - $6000 benefactor serrano ( suv ) - $6000 mammoth patriot ( suv ) - $5000 dundreary landstalker ( suv ) - $5000 fantom fq ( suv ) - $5000 cheval surge ( sedan ) - $3800 schyster fusilade ( coupe ) - $3600 dundrey granger ( suv ) - $3500 vapid dominator ( coupe ) - $3500 bravado buffalo ( sedan ) - $3500 vapid radius ( suv ) - $3200 bravado gauntlet ( coupe ) - $3100 canis seminole ( suv ) - $3000 declasse tornado ( coupe ) - $3000 bravado gresley ( suv ) - $2900 karin asterope ( sedan ) - $2500 maibatsu penumbra ( coupe ) - $2400 imponte phoenix ( sedan ) - $2000 weeny issi ( mini ) - $1800 albany washington ( sedan ) - $1500 ziconium stratum ( wagon ) - $1000 albany empreor ( sedan ) - $800 this is probably not all , but something : ) ( i will keep update the list as i find moore )
halloween mode specific items : npcs : the merchant : sells a sickle for 1 gold . when used to cut grass , it harvests hay . the arms dealer : sells the nurse 's outfit ( hat , shirt , pants ) , 3 gold per item . witch doctor : sells the cauldron for 1.5 gold . this is basically a re-skinned cooking pot . drops : bloody machette , a harpoon category weapon . this has a . 05% drop chance . bladed glove , a claw weapon with high knockback . this is also a . 05% drop chance . goodie bags , of course . they drop 1.25% of the time . the only other difference in halloween mode is that pumpkins grow naturally on grass surfaces . you can now buy pumpkin seeds year round though , so you will always have access to pumpkins if you have money to spend .
you will need dust for something else . one of the recipes in the secret lab uses dust : what are the recipes in the secret lab ?
this confused me as well . the citizens are before the gate . what you need to do is run around the area you start at , looking for small black circles on your minimap , these mark areas where templars are attacking a citizen , simply go there and kill them off , when you took care of all of these you will see the message for optional objective completed .
a single unit can only benefit from the effects of one great general , even if more than one are within range .
biomes are set ; you can not change them by adding / removing biome-specific features to areas .
from some testing i noticed vastly reduced elemental effect occurrence rates when not using the siren skill that adds +30% elemental effect chance . that skill alone makes elemental weapons vastly more viable . the same was true with class skills ; a +25% boost takes an smg from about 10% chance to about 35% chance , so the % chance is definitely additive there as well . if it were multiplicative the benefit would have been extremely minor . not sure about badass rank yet , but i assume it is the same .
when you kill the cashier , you will get a 3* wanted level . if you just threaten him , you will get only 2* no it is not ! it is always the same strength of the police at the different levels . this is because they know your face or you drive with a stolen car . if you drive with a stolen car , this " random " star can appear everywhere . tips do not shoot the cashier . just shoot behind him a try to do not shoot him . so he will carry the cash even faster . before you enter a convenience store , make an escape plan . look for ls-custom 's , winding streets or something . if the police is looking for you ( if the wanted stars are blinkng ) , drive in a ls-custom and go out again ( you do not need to change the color ) , or drive into a winding street and wait . edit : just found out that your garage / appartment is also a good place to hide . if you have 3* , drive fast into a train tunnel while they are looking for you ( blinking * ) . so the chopper does not see you anymore and if you were fast enough , the police cars also do not find you . here i have marked ( red rectangle ) my two favourite convenience store 's : they are located ad the bottom of the sandy shore desert . when you robbed the store , just drive into the ls-custom ( green rectangle ) . so you loose the police quickly . and because the ls-custom is as close to the store 's , the police will not be there and will not see you before you are in the building . change the car to make it harder for the police to find you . before a robbery , buy a mask on the ls-beach . then put on the mask and do the robbery . now , if you put off the mask , you will loose directly 1* if the police do not see you ! and if you enter the store later without a mask , he will not recognize you . i hope i could help you a bit . and just google for other gta ( online ) tips , so you may find some other great tips . credit : map shortcut made by gta 5 map
i do not think there is an agreed upon meaning , but an interesting article discussing several theories can be found here . edit with summary as per @tzenes request : the main theories the article mentions are as follows it is simply a happy ending , and the boy is reunited with his sister they are both dead and needed to meet up before entering the afterlife they are both alive , but are trapped and doomed to die a slow death of starvation . it was a dream and he woke up and found her alive only the boy is dead , and the sister is surprised to discover he is dead
the briar hearts in this quest are apparently prone to glitches . i found this thread where people are discussing the various ways in which they were able to break this quest . in some cases , when they got notification that they needed to get that specific briar heart , all the briar hearts they already had became quest items . i think the best you can do is load an earlier save , or hang on to this quest until bethesda patches it to work properly . even so , you might not be able to finish it unless they create some way to reset your progress in it or otherwise fix the quest if it is already in progress .
as per the evelopedia , this is the composition of all ores in their base variation and at 100% efficiency . the numbers denote batch size and output respectively . arkonor - 200 10000 ( ~95.25% ) tritanium 333 ( ~3.17% ) megacyte 166 ( ~1.58% ) zydrine bistot - 200 170 ( ~1.36% ) megacyte 12000 ( ~95.92% ) pyerite 341 ( ~2.73% ) zydrine &nbsp ; crokite - 250 331 ( ~0.85% ) nocxium 38000 ( ~97.45% ) tritanium 663 ( ~1.70% ) zydrine &nbsp ; mercoxit - 250 530 ( 100% ) morphite &nbsp ; spodumain - 250 71000 ( ~88.56% ) tritanium 140 ( ~0.17% ) megacyte 9000 ( ~11.23% ) pyerite &nbsp ; plagioclase - 333 256 ( 25% ) mexallon 256 ( 25% ) tritanium 512 ( 50% ) pyerite &nbsp ; pyroxeres - 333 120 ( ~11.61% ) mexallon 11 ( ~1.06% ) nocxium 844 ( ~81.62% ) tritanium 59 ( ~5.71% ) pyerite &nbsp ; scordite - 333 833 ( ~66.69% ) tritanium 416 ( ~33.31% ) pyerite &nbsp ; veldspar - 333 1000 ( 100% ) tritanium &nbsp ; dark ochre - 400 500 ( ~1.90% ) nocxium 25500 ( ~97.14% ) tritanium 250 ( ~0.95% ) zydrine &nbsp ; gneiss - 400 700 ( ~8.50% ) isogen 3700 ( ~44.92% ) mexallon 3700 ( ~44.92% ) tritanium 137 ( ~1.66% ) zydrine &nbsp ; kernite - 400 386 ( ~24.98% ) isogen 773 ( ~50.03% ) mexallon 386 ( ~24.98% ) tritanium &nbsp ; hedbergite - 500 708 ( ~51.16% ) isogen 354 ( ~25.58% ) nocxium 290 ( ~20.95% ) pyerite 32 ( ~2.31% ) zydrine &nbsp ; hemorphite - 500 212 ( ~12.97% ) isogen 60 ( ~3.67% ) mexallon 424 ( ~25.95% ) nocxium 650 ( ~39.78% ) tritanium 260 ( ~15.91% ) pyerite 28 ( ~1.71% ) zydrine &nbsp ; jaspet - 500 518 ( 50% ) mexallon 259 ( 25% ) nocxium 259 ( 25% ) tritanium &nbsp ; omber - 500 307 ( ~41.66% ) isogen 307 ( ~41.66% ) tritanium 123 ( ~16.69% ) pyerite for further values ( such as those for other ore variations ) , there is also a spreadsheet on the evelopedia . please note : this spreadsheet is currently outdated as per the odyssey expansion .
you can hold a down and the conversation text will appear faster . other than that , no .
in persona 3 fes for playstation 2 the only save points regularly available are the ground floor of dorm and the lobby of the tartarus . there are additional save points during special events like the trip to yakushima but they are not regularly available .
yes , but you have to contact google and it takes about a month or two to complete . google/ingress will only allow one switch per player , apparently human approval must be involved in the process somewhere . i switched factions because i did not realize that the rebels represented luddites which i find philosophically annoying , it took many weeks for ingress support to finally change it . your account get 's largely if not totally reset . here 's the link to the help center where you can change it : ingress support from the help center on changing accounts : if a faction change application is accepted , that player’s portals , resonators or other items obtained will be lost , and the player will be returned to level 1 , 0ap . if one of your teammates changes allegiances , you may see niaopsdaemonx destroying entities . do not be alarmed , all traitor activity must be wiped . some of your related entities may be destroyed in the process , but it is for your own good and the security of your faction .
as with anything else , the hoi3 interface becomes easy to understand with practice . you soon learn to ignore anything you do not need . the scope of this game is such that you do not strictly need to use some parts to play ( e . g . the diplomacy screen ) - the ai can manage that for you reasonably well . play though the built-in tutorials , then follow this guide from start to finish , and you will learn it soon enough .
no , magnum ammo and extra demolition specs do not make flamethrower stronger .
as the proud owner of all map packs ( not the skin pack , though ) , i would be happy to share : ) basically , all packs contain three kinds of maps : puzzle maps - most similar to the skull tombs in the regular gol ( though in larger scale ) , you have to navigate a map that requires precise timing , careful jumping and some thinking . my favorite kinds of maps . no enemies appear in these maps . infinite combat maps - those maps feature infinite combat . you have a large map which starts out completely navigable and it has endlessly-respawning monsters , and the goal is to survive as long as you can . personally it is my least favorite type of maps , but i have to admit some of these are cleverly designed - there is usually a lot of traps around to use against the monsters , strategic locations that offer some benefits but you cannot remain there indefinitely , etc . what i call " action " maps - those are revisits of original campaign map concepts , though with some variations ( sometimes a lot of variation ) . basically they all revolve about trying to achieve something while constantly moving very fast : ) here 's a breakdown of the maps in each pack : all the trappings double crossing - puzzle tooth and nail - action ( run over spikes ) temple defense - combat crushing expectations - action ( balls destroy floor ) things that go boom ill valley - combat madness river - combat mayan mini-golf - action ( navigate a ball ) blast rifts - puzzle hazardous reunion leglion 's lair - combat puzzle soup - puzzle firefighters - combat lava chompy - action ( chased by a monster ) frankly i am not 100% happy with my purchase - i only really wanted the puzzle ones ( though some of the action maps are also quite good ) . still , the prices are very reasonable . it is worth noting that the maps are separate , meaning that ( if i recall correctly ) you do not have to complete the first to gain access to the 2nd , etc .
other possible causes of the lag problem : you may have a bad router or internet connection . it is unlikely that all of your servers are down , and " cannot reach server " would usually mean that either the servers are down , or your internet connection is not working properly . the " communication error " can usually be solved by clicking the refresh button as fast as possible . if the refresh does not work , just try closing and re-opening minecraft .
there are three options : buy the collector 's edition which comes with a hardware key buy a hardware key after the fact . it costs a couple bucks plus shipping . ( presently , $4 usd + shipping . ) download the free iphone app or android app ( north american market | non-north america ) . once you register a security key , the login prompt may still say it is optional , but no longer is at that point . once a security key is registered , it must be used for all future logins . both types of keys display a 8 digit number that you type in yourself into the appropriate field in launcher login . it does not require any kind of usb connection or anything . it is either a physical device ( fits on a keychain , etc . ) or an app on your mobile device . so it is not really " moved between " computers ; just carried by you . depending how heavy your mobile device is , and how weak your biceps are , it still should not be much of a problem . : ) once you login with a registered security key , you will then get access to the in-game security key vendor . mostly it offers the ability to purchase with in-game credits some , but not all , of the items that come with collector 's or digital deluxe editions . see the short list here . " some examples of the items are the ( popular so far ) fleet pass which allows you to return to the fleet , a mouse droid ( different skin from the collector’s edition item ) , exchange bandit ( increase movement speed by 110% requires : speeder piloting rank 3 ) and more . " also see the official site page describing the security keys .
all the answers on this page is acceptable , but it is important to remember that by this point in the game you ought to have enchanted your sword . while it is not necessary to do so , it does make this level reasonably easy to beat . however , each sword requires its own technique . with the sword of flames , the extra damage makes it rather quick to finish off opponents . on hard mode with a level 5 sword , i found that i kill all the enemies before the asterisk can hit me . the technique here is to watch your health , drink potions when your health drops low enough . if you are teleported to the beginning , drink a potion so that the countdown timer will run out by the time you reach your next opponent . with the sword of life , i found that on regular mode your life will not drop to the point where you will die . the technique is to weather it out and collect candies ( though i found this method of earning money rather slow in the long run , especially when you have the gmooh potion to get to the cow level ) . after some time , enemies will stop spawning altogether . if your health is not high enough or your sword does not heal enough , you can use the health potions to prolong your life , however , this can be costly your fist time around . with this said , the technique most people use is the berserk potion . 5 of them are given to you by the frog for answering his questions . the problem is to once again watch your life . couple the berserk potion with a healing potion or a fire scroll to minimize your chances of dying . i should also offer you this caveat , this is the level you receive the armor which will reduce the damage you take . there are only a handful of items in this game , so you do not want to miss an item . if you are in a rush to beat the level , your opponents might not drop the item . i suggest that you first tank the game with potions and teleports until you collect the armor , then try the techniques mentioned above to beat the level . finally , i have avoided the sword of summoning because i have yet to play with it . however , referencing lesspop_morefizz 's answer , the summons from fallen enemies help to extend your life and allow you more time to heal . using berserk potions ( assuming you have not yet used them all ) seems to be the easiest method to beating the level regardless of which sword you use . however , if you rush through the level , once again , you risk missing the armor . i would use the same techniques used with the sword of life with the sword of summoning . perhaps coupling the flame scroll with the berserk potion would be the easiest method to beating this level .
i covered this in the g and k section of my multi-part guide to achievements in civ5 . it is definitely glitchy , but if you are willing to cheese it in a hotseat game , you can just keep trying until it unlocks : i was able to get it in a quick ancient-era hotseat game , on a standard size map , with 2 civilizations and no city states . after establishing religions in both capitals , i sent great prophets across to each opposing capital . the first time i converted the opposing capital to my religion , it did not take . later , the pressure from the holy city flipped the religion back , and i tried again . on the second try , it unlocked . there is definitely something glitchy here , but hotseat games do work for it . you may have to attempt this achievement multiple times . there is no need to finish the game afterwards , the unlock occurs pretty quickly after the event . i do not believe i had any other cities except for the capital .
if you have a computer you can download a program called iexplorer . once you do that plug the ipad ( not mini ) into the computer via usb connector that comes with any apple device . make sure you do not have any apps running on the ipad , and when the time comes , make sure you do not have anything open on the ipad mini as well . open iexplorer and your ipad should appear , look at the left hand side of the screen and a file labeled applications will appear . click it . open the file labeled Minecraft PE . click on Documents , then Games , then Com.Mojang and then it should say something like " minecraft world saves " . open that file and drag all the files inside it to your desktop . once it is complete , unplug the device . plug in the ipad mini and do everything you just did , but this time , drag all of the files from your desktop into the minecraftworlds file . unplug the ipad mini and navigate to wherever minecraft pe is on your ipad mini . open the app and all of your old worlds will be there !
minecraft 2.0 is an april fool 's joke , in a similar vein to the steve co . supply crate . it consists of a pair of server and client jars that were modified to have the features shown ; this allowed for distribution to select members of the community . i believe it is not intended to be publicly released . minecraft 2.0 comes in three flavours : red , containing super hostile mode ; blue , containing the new mobs and blocks ; and purple , containing every change . these download links were available for a period of time , but the access permissions have since been changed , making it no longer possible to officially download minecraft 2.0 . if you really want to play minecraft 2.0 , the purple ( and possibly red/blue ) server/client jars have been released by the content manager of the minecraft forum
the jewler is located in act ii , you first acquire the jeweler during act ii , quest 7 , blood and sand .
if you are on windows 7 ( i think vista as well ? ) , try the following : while skyrim is running , alt-tab back to your desktop . click the volume icon in the system tray , then click " mixer " . in there , there are separate settings for each application currently running . move skyrim 's slider higher , and it should raise the volume relative to your other applications
with the conjured weapon equipped , go into the item menu and select the weapons tab . ( note : you can only see this tab if you actually have some real weapon in your inventory . ) on the bottom of the screen it will show you the damage of your conjured weapon . it is kind of a roundabout way , but i have not found another method of seeing the damage of a conjured weapon .
as long as you are okay with having them be very close together ( though separated by walls ) , this design can work . ( top view ) b = bed x = wall o = valid spawn location  OOXOO OOXOO XXXBXXX XXXBXXX OOXOO OOXOO  once the player sleeps in the bed , when they die , they will spawn in one of the valid locations . to choose which one , simply fill the others with blocks using pistons . since the bed is inaccessible from everywhere but the top , you can make branching paths leading to other beds .
contrary to popular belief , comebacks in dota2 are much more common than in lol . teams with a 10% gold lead 12 minutes into the game ( generally about when the laning phase ends ) : win 89% of the time in professional league of legends win 74% of the time in professional dota2 the main reason for this is that more expensive items in lol are more cost-efficient than cheaper items , while more expensive items in dota2 ( while often having powerful effects ) are less cost-efficient . so by buying these cheaper items , you can finish them sooner and have an advantage over your opponents who are building ( and have hopefully not yet completed ) higher tier items . as a team who has lost the early game , you need to recognize this and attempt to get back into the game by purchasing mid-tier items of this sort . some good examples are bracers , drums , urn , and mekanism . carry items in this vein are diffusal blade and maelstrom . for example , two bracers cost 1050 gold and give 12 str , 6 agi , 6 int , and 6 damage . an ogre club costs 1000 gold and only gives 10 str ( with the advantage that it builds into excellent lategame items like bkb ) . while you will not have the item-effiency ( per slot ) if the game goes on for a while , your goal as a team is to make that disadvantage irrelevant by forcing fights . you will have a period of time where you have equal or greater item effectiveness than your opponents who are presumably saving for more expensive items , and that is your chance to bring the game back into your team 's control . at the beginning of every game you should take a look at the hero lineups and figure out who has the superior lategame team . if you have the advantage in lategame and are not incredibly far behind , it is usually advisable to simply farm and defend towers at all costs to prolong the midgame . however , if you are incredibly far behind or have equal or worse lategame ( usually the case ) , then you should focus on ganking- better equipped heroes will farm faster than you . your best option is usually smoke-ganking as a team . you can catch an opponent or two out of position , kill them , and take an easy tower , roshan , or teamfight with your newfound hero advantage . just a couple of these occurances can often completely turn the tide of the game as you force opponents to take teamfights that they are not properly prepared for . after winning these fights , you can place offensive wards , counter your opponents ' warding attempts , and continue to lock your opponents into their base and assert map control . good luck !
no , barbarians can not dual wield 2 handed weapons nor can they wield 2 handed weapons in 1 hand . there was a glitch before where this was possible but it has since then been patched and removed .
steam creates “shortcut” applications in the applications folder in your home folder , not the system-wide one . unfortunately , it does not delete them when you delete a game , but you can delete them yourself ; the path is <code> /users/ [ your account’s short name ] /applications </code> , as shown in this screenshot . should you wish to recreate one of these , right-click on the game in steam and choose “create desktop shortcut” , then move the result from your desktop to your applications folder . ( this can be useful to restore a missing icon , though it only works sometimes for that . )
the proper way to get the achievement , is by using an object to shield yourself from the hunter 's flechettes , then using the stuck flechettes to kill the hunter . this is demonstrated in this video : throwing would have worked too , as shown in this next video ( the quality is much lower and you can skip to 3:30 ) when throwing , it is advised to use objects that have a low chance of killing hunters when thrown . using a barrel or tire is recommended over a radiator , for instance .
ground pollution typically stems from your handling of sewage . you are quite limited in your options to handle sewage , but must do so in order for your city to be properly inhabitable . you basically have three options : build a sewage outflow pipe . this option produces the highest amount of ground pollution , but is your only option in the early game without taking regional options into account . it should always be built as far away from your populace as possible . build a sewage treatment plant . this option is more expensive , but has the capacity to handle sewage treatment for larger cities and is modular . it also cleans the sewage instead of dumping it onto the ground , drastically reducing ground pollution . when one of these are built , all sewage outflow pipes should be demolished . keep in mind that in order to build this , you will need to have a city hall with the department of utilities module added somewhere in your city or region . send sewage to another city in the region that can handle the extra capacity , i.e. a city with a sewage treatment plant . there is a charge for this , but the benefits of getting that pollution out of your hands , and getting the extra development space is well worth it . this option has the most mutual benefit , as it eliminates ground pollution in your city , provides extra revenue for the destination city , and decreases region pollution overall by sending the sewage to an efficient and clean disposal facility . once you remove a source of ground pollution , the land will gradually " heal " over time , and become properly inhabitable again without adverse affects . this does take quite some time however , so you should always plan your city around areas you think would probably be uninhabitable . edit : as pointed out by both chromium and dude in answers below , trees will help clean up ground pollution faster . important : if you exceed the capacity of your sewage treatment system , sewage will begin to back up across your city and cause ground pollution anywhere this failure takes place . if you are experiencing widespread ground pollution outside of your sewage handling facilities , you need more sewage disposal capacity . ground pollution is also generated by the low-tech level industry . again , the best way to deal with it is to upgrade to a tech level that does not produce ground pollution by upgrading your education systems .
in addition to learning the maps , there are a few other things to know : sentry guns beep 1-3 times each time they change directions ( so about every 3 seconds ) . once for mini/level 1 , twice for level 2 , thrice for level 3 . generally , if you can hear a sentry 's beep , you will be in its range when you round a corner . as a spy , you will get a lot of cheap deaths . sadly , this is because of the spy 's shortcomings in order to combat the instant-kill backstab . the spy 's dead ringer takes some getting used to , but in certain situations , using it ( preferably while disguised as a teammate so they do not know you are a spy ) can get past a defensive line . beware that the dead ringer makes a louder than usual decloak sound . the dead ringer is a " perfect " cloak for the first 6.5 seconds , so enemies who touch you will not make you appear as a team-color outline . however , they still can not move through you . the cloak and dagger gives you some latitude by not decloaking when you do not want to , but it also has a very short cloak time . having said all this , you are still going to die a lot in team fortress 2 . it is the nature of the game ! the lower-hp classes in particular are specialized in some way , but lower hp is the drawback .
a new artificer 's chisel or artificer 's hammer comes with 5 charges/uses . as such , make sure to check how many charges one has before buying it from the marketplace . when there is no indication of the number of uses left in the item 's description when mousing over it , it means there is only one left . as you might expect , many evil people will consume 4 of them and then put it up with only one charge left and try to sell it at or around full price . conversely , if you do not need that many charges , you might find a good price for the ones that are partly consumed . the best way to weed through the listings is to enable the " include descriptions in search " checkbox under the search bar and include the number of charges you want to search for . for example , " appid:570 artificer 5" to only see listings for the ones that have all 5 of their charges .
officially mentioned on the steam page : name : keys-that-have-to-be-pressed ( effect ) blood mode : mmmmmm , mnab ( start rain of blood ) snowglobe mode : bbbbbcb ( starts snowing ) fish : cxzxccc xxx cbb ( starts raining fish ) mentioned from users on the steam page : coins : ccc ccc cbzxc ( starts raining coins ) frogs : bbaassa , , mmnnb ( start raining frogs ) flames : cvbnmbm ( start raining balls of fire ) hearts : ssfssfsfjhggf ( start raining hearts ) annihilation : as , zb ( mountain is destroyed by alien energy ball and game ends ) clear all items : sss , aaam ( reset mountain to start ) once any raining object has been activated , it can be deactivated by clicking on the + icon below the options ( thx nexusjob )
conquer 3 of your religion 's 5 holy cities , get religious authority in your own religion to at least 50 , make sure you have 750 piety and then hit the reform button on the religion screen .
after i finish this playthrough , will there be a new gimmick or handicap on further playthroughs ? no , the pick 3 is the only ' gimmick ' for the adventure mode . however , a new type of zombie will also show up on the 2nd play through , so keep an eye out .
when you run out of health points in borderlands 2 you enter a ' last stand'-style mode , on your knees and able to crawl very slowly . if you manage to get a kill with your parting shots ( or an enemy you set on fire/acid/shock burns down on its own ) you can gain a second wind , reviving yourself with a bit of health . alternatively a team mate can revive you , similar to in other first person shooters ( ie : left 4 dead ) if you are not revived in time , you will die and be reconstructed at your last new-u station , for which you will be charged a reconstruction fee . the fee for respawning at a new-u station costs 7% of a character 's money . for example , if the character carries $1,000 , the fee would be $70 .
i started by building the minimum functional part of the circuit you showed : the comparator-based controllable clock connected to a button and dispenser . ( this is in the middle of the pictured circuit . ) i found that this resulted in producing too many items due to the length of the button 's signal . therefore , we need to cut off the clock sooner . because redstone logic is “or” logic , the simplest way to stop a clock , or to stop a triggered device like a dispenser from triggering , is to send an extra signal to it — so while the output will remain on for longer than it needs to , the only thing that matters is that it stops pulsing . that is what the repeater delay at the bottom of the picture does . you can lengthen or shorten it in order to change the number of pulses produced . the third repeater at the top is merely used to get the signal to the dispenser ; you can use any part of the right-side redstone line as the output . similarly , the button can connect to the left-side redstone any way you like . i designed the input and output of this example circuit so that it could be covered with a flat floor , as your picture suggested you were planning to do . some general principles for designing efficient redstone circuits , which could apply in this case : learn the exact connectivity rules for redstone ; always pay attention to opportunities to put components right next to each other without them interfering , and know what the most compact way to get a signal from one place to another is . if you have a circuit that works but is built out of bulky independent modules , then look for ways to : modify the output and input of adjacent stages to fit together more directly . replace an entire module with a modification to another one ( which is sort of what i did here ) . make use of " do not care " characteristics . for example : we do not care how long the signal to the dispenser remains on , because dispensers do not trigger except on a rising edge ( off to on ) . we do not care how long the button 's signal is ( as long as it is longer than the repeater delay ) because the repeater signal being ored into the output makes everything else irrelevant when it turns on . ( it happens to stop the clock , but even if the clock were running there would be no effect ! )
no , there is nothing special about the dagger ( s ) stabbed in the map , they have no importance .
the folder should be : &lt;steam installation folder&gt;\steamapps\common\Sid Meier's Civilization V\Assets\DLC\Expansion\Gameplay\XML\Civilizations\ and the particular file you are looking for is CIV5Civilizations_Expansion.xml . the dutch are actually already there : but remember that to enable them to start next to the ocean you want to add them under the Civilization_Start_Along_Ocean table , not under Civilization_Start_Region_Priority . i am pretty sure you can not actually specify flood plains , though , only things such as grasslands / hills / mountains etc . .
during the game you will be able to access a lollipop farm ( it is early on ) . not only are you able to plant lollipops , but you can build a mill for 10,000 lollipops . then you can feed the mill with more lollipops . this will increase your candy production .
while i have not played through on the hardest difficulty , on the other difficulty modes i have played , the monsters in the main quest levels do not scale with player level ( this should be easy to check by popping in to level 1 of the mines well after you have left them . ) at one point i was going through earlier levels to get magic items for ember and was surprised by how quickly i was still gaining experience against low level monsters . if you are willing to grind , you can reach very high levels , but be careful , outside the main quest levels monsters will scale to be just a level behind you , and monster power scales faster than your own with level , so do not go into phase portals , map scrolls or that " hatch " guy 's missions when you are well above level . also , like most bosses in the game , ordrak is most dangerous at close range . not that he is not dangerous at a distance , just less so . this tendency has always made the vanquisher the easiest class in my experience , even if she is somewhat fragile . i was recently surprised by the effectiveness of her flechette trap . it fires fast enough that the reaction animations of the enemies can slow them down , and of course her explosive shot is very good . i am less familiar with other classes ' abilities . i hope that information is in the sort of vein that you were looking for .
computers are deterministic machines , incapable as such of non-deterministic ( = random ) behavior . what they can do is use complex math to simulate random behavior : this gives pseudo-random numbers . for example , when i run python 3 for windows 7 i get : i then connect to an ubuntu 11.04 machine with python 2 , and get : so , the same pseudo-random engine will always give the same numbers in the same order . this does not imply the game actually uses the same numbers in the same way , however , as yx_ insightfully thought . however , the game could be written in a way to ensure this ; for example , one could derive from each seed ( say , " foo" ) a different seed per each block ( say , " foo@1@2" to determine the chunk 1,2 ) . how can we tell how this is done ? there is only one way to know ! i used the seed " mersenne " to create two worlds , a world a and a world b . in world a i spawned in world a at ( 262.5 , -280.5 ) ; i attempted to move in the direction i spawned in as straight as possible for 500 units , then back for a thousand . this is what i got . in world b i spawned in ( +259.5 , -276,5 ) , just to make things easier . i attempted to move in the direction opposite to the one i spawned in for 500 units , then back for a thousand ; in short , i travelled back and forth on the same 1.5 km , just in a different order . this is what i got . ( keep in mind that , as i explored , i removed blocks here and there for navigational purposes . ) this results are shockingly identical . i say shockingly because i certainly had the impression the two worlds were quite similar . . . but not quite the same . indeed , if we zoom on the spawn point , we can see some differences . . . but it is mainly only about trees . the underground area is not pictured , and identical . in short : the seed system is almost perfect and the same seed will give you two worlds that are almost identical to each other . i have not tried the nether , but i have no reason to believe it would behave differently .
terran diamond / master player . ultralisk are great when your opponent goes for bio / soft targets . do not go for ultras versus a mech . build . the trick is to do it at the right time in-game . ultralisks are endgame units . so producing them to early will empty out your economy to early ! you need at least 3 mining bases . and combine your army with zerglings and infestor ! do not forget your upgrades ! avoid ultralisks when facing a protoss , they are mostly mech . , and can easily take out your ultralisks . so to round up things . when your terran opponent goes for a bio build : early game : zerglings and banelings mid game : zerglings , banelings and infestors late game : zerglings , infestors and ultralisks . these are my recommendations !
it automatically buys items when you can afford it using a list of items for your hero . because it does not have strict order i would recommend against using it . better to set up the quick buy key ?
taken from : http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/brush . skills that give visual of the brush : ashe is enchanted arrow reveals the area it passes over . ashe is hawkshot will reveal the area it passes over and within its explosion radius . cassiopeia 's miasma grants vision where it is cast for its duration . evelynn 's agony 's embrace will grant vision for an instant when it lands in the brush . ezreal 's trueshot barrage reveals the area it passes over . jarvan iv 's demacian standard will reveal a small sized area on the point of impact . leona 's solar flare reveals an area around the target location . lux 's lucent singularity grants vision where it is cast until it is detonated . lux 's final spark will grant vision directly before and after firing malzahar 's call of the void grants vision along the tips of the spell during casting animation . maokai 's sapling toss will give sight of the targeted area during flight and on landing . miss fortune 's make it rain will grant sight within the affected area for its duration . olaf 's undertow will grant vision for an instant when it lands in the brush . urgot 's noxian corrosive charge will reveal a medium sized area on the point of impact . teemo 's noxious trap will give sight around it , however the radius of vision is very small . thresh 's dark passage reveals an area around the lantern . heimerdinger 's h-28g evolution turret will reveal the whole brush as if a minion walked into it corki 's phosphorous bomb will reveal brush if it is within its detonation range . karthus 's wall of pain will grant a small area of vision for any section of brush it passes through . karthus 's lay waste will also grant a small area of vision , but requires multiple lay wastes in different locations . yorick 's omen of pestilence will reveal brush where minion is . zed 's living shadow reveals an area around the shadow 's location . ziggs 's satchel charge will grant vision where it is cast for its duration . zyra 's rampant growth gives vision of the brush for a short duration when the seed is placed inside the brush . heimerdinger 's ch-1 concussion grenade gives vision of the brush when the grenade is thrown in the bush . nidalee 's bushwhack gives vision of the brush for a short duration when the trap is placed inside the brush . reveal enemies that touch or aggro them within the brush anivia 's crystallize corki 's phosphorous bomb heimerdinger 's h-28g evolution turret karthus 's wall of pain shaco 's jack in the box syndra 's scatter the weak will reveal enemies if one of her spheres hit an enemy . teemo 's noxious trap trundle 's pillar of filth ziggs 's hexplosive minefield lee sin 's sonic wave/resonating strike and tempest/cripple will reveal any enemy ( including invisible ) as long as they are affected . skill that give vision of the brush differently : twisted fate 's destiny will reveal all enemy champions even if they are in brush . warwick 's blood scent will reveal nearby enemy champions who are below half health even if they are in brush ( only applicable within radius of effect and will not reveal stealthed champions , however he will receive the speed boost , thus detecting them ) . elise 's rappel gives vision of all units in a range . there are champions who can summon pets . these pets can either spawn in a brush or need to be sent there first . they also give vision if they walk into a bush : annie 's summon tibbers elise 's spider swarm malzahar 's summon voidling mordekaiser 's children of the grave shaco 's hallucinate yorick 's omen of pestilence ( only when cast inside the bush . this ghosts is not controllable and will not follow the enemies inside a bush when that bush covers their presence ) yorick 's omen of death if a player fires a skill shot into the brush , it will not make them visible even if you hit them . however many of them have a secondary effect or a different sound effect on impact : ahri 's orb of deception and charm will add stacks to her passive if they hit . ashe is volley arrows will disappear and not travel their full distance if they hit anything . brand 's sear disappears before its full distance is travelled if it hits something . caitlyn 's piltover peacemaker makes a distinctive sound if it hits . cassiopeia 's noxious blast gives her a buff if it hits dr . mundo 's infected cleaver makes a splattering sound if it hits , and heals dr . mundo . ezreal 's mystic shot makes a distinctive sound if it hits , reduces other cooldowns if it hits and will apply one stack of his innate ability rising spell force . karma 's heavenly wave makes a distinctive sound if it hits . kennen 's thundering shuriken makes a distinctive sound if it hits . the target will also gain a mark of the storm which will enable the use of electrical surge if you are close enough . lulu 's glitterlance makes a distinctive sounds if it hits . mordekaiser 's siphon of destruction makes a distinctive sound if it hits , and increases his iron man . morgana 's dark binding makes a distinctive sound if it hits . nidalee 's javelin toss makes a distinctive sound if it hits . nocturne 's duskbringer makes a distinctive sound if it hits , as well as causing a trail to appear . rumble 's electro-harpoon makes a distinctive sound if it hits . shyvana 's flame breath makes a distinctive sound if it hits . sivir 's boomerang blade makes a distinctive sound if it hits . talon 's rake makes a distinctive sound if it hits . thresh 's death sentence makes a distinctive sound if it hits . the skill also allows to be recast with a different icon on hit . varus 's piercing arrow makes a distinctive sound if it hits . morgana 's tormented soil will apply spell vamp if a target is in brush due to her innate ability soul siphon . lux 's light binding will not travel any further after hitting two ( ! ) targets , but pass through the first any skill shot which does not apply on-hit effects ( like lifesteal ) will trigger spell vamp if it hits a target in brush .
you can vastly improve the performance of your times using maths . you can see the principle outlined in another answer ( this answer deals with redpower timers , but the principle is the same , you just need to do it with your vanilla timers instead ) . all you need to do is set up multiple timers , like the one you have there , but with coprime numbers of ticks ( no common denominators ) . AND the outputs of these timers and you can multiply the time your timers take very effectively .
i was also experiencing this problem . what i found is that you have to have enough money in hand to pay for all three cars , so $33000 plus damage repair .
deathtouch ( and lifelink ) works with every type of damage and with fight the creature is doing the damage . the comprehensive rulebook says : deathtouch : 702.2c a creature with toughness greater than 0 that’s been dealt damage by a source with deathtouch since the last time state-based actions were checked is destroyed as a state-based action no mention of combat damage here . fight : 701.10a a spell or ability may instruct a creature to fight another creature or it may instruct two creatures to fight each other . each of those creatures deals damage equal to its power to the other creature .
from guild wars 2 digital strategy guide : even after reaching level 80 , your hero learns more about him- or herself and about the world . experience at that lofty height still goes onto your bar , eventually leading to new “levels” that grant free skill points . you won’t rise above the level cap , but these points let you learn new skills or buy items that are used with the powerful mystic forge recipes .
yes - if the sniper has los as well ( as in nothing is blocking his shot to the alien , such as a rock or car . )
i have not figured out why this happened and how to ' regularly ' fix it . the workaround for those stuck as me is this : travel north from the university , across some water and get on ice . an icon should appear on your ' radar ' , go to it and enter it ( septimus signus 's outpost ) . talk with him and he will give you a quest which will ultimately end up with you obtaining the elder scroll ( along with the item he wants ) . this should move you further in the story , bypassing the orc in the arcaneum . p.s. you can then sell this elder scroll to him for 2000 gold and some skill books .
you can click at the center of the room . it'll light up a campfire and you will be able to get a pitchfork to triple your lollipop income
so here 's how it works : V blocks make a block in the direction of the v T block make a block above &lt;3 blocks power up all adjacent blocks ---&gt; blocks move the row below along one | blocks move the row to the left up one # indicates how many charges a block has the first few clicks should be : click the v/t block , then expand out the chain of vs to get the ---&gt; . make a t block by clicking the centre block move the t block along to be one block to the left underneath the ? ? block click it , and expand to get a &lt ; 3 click the &lt ; 3 to charge move it along one again and expand . you now have two adjacent &lt ; 3 blocks to make an ' engine ' you can now expand out the rest of the area using the same method . you should end up with two ---&gt; blocks , and one | . you can use these blocks to move around the movement blocks so you can move an engine underneath the ?? block . power it up to win .
equip A tribal summoning spear and Boots of introspection ( keeps you grounded so there is no need to use teleport ) . you will also need Pogo stick and A desert bird feather . wait until at least 6 tribal warriors are summoned and jump on the closest one . continue building layers until you reach the top . you can use Black demons spell destroying all tribal warriors if tribal warrior blocks your way just before you reached the chest .
note : i have not actually tried running x-trap on my system - i looked it up while downloading the game , and canceled the download when i learned of this . i found this thread at the official forums , and apparently , programs like these can intefere with your ability to play the game : anti-virus programs that use sonar or active background scanning internet security packages software for keyboards and mice logitech im sorry guys but your g15s and macro keyboards will cause you pain multimedia software itunes , wmp , xfire , steam overlay , podcast , fraps torrent programs utorrent bittorrent . etc . additionally , x-trap requires administrative privileges , even to just run , which is a big no-no by today 's standards . i do not think x-trap is malicious , and i understand why the developers feel the need for a system like this , but i consider it far too aggressive and invasive , more so because i have one of those logitech keyboards . that is a shame , because i too want to try the game - but imo , no game is worth dealing with that kind of problems .
this is just a fancy way of saying "+10% damage for 5 minutes " . fundamentally , you are looking at the skill wrong - it is not " imbue target : weapon " , it is " imbue your weapon " . if you give it to someone else ( soulbound weapons notwithstanding ) , it is not your weapon , anymore , and presumably you have a new weapon . furthermore , since all skills with damage scale off . . . weapon damage , there is not even an issue of " but i do not use my weapon for x , do i still get the bonus ? " . the bonus works with all abilities ( and includes the runed versions of magic weapon too . every spell gets lifesteal ? why not ! ) you get the bonus . always . it is a self-buff , and it vanishes when you change your weapon . this also applies to your offhand ( should you cast mw on a 1-hander , you lose your mw bonus when you swap offhands ) .
no , there is no accessory or buff that will protect you from cursed inferno . the only winning move is not to get hit by cursed flames .
general custom games are only worth 75% of the ip you would have earned in a normal game . co-op vs . ai games incur penalties based on summoner level and difficulty : level 10-19: beginner games are worth 85% . level 20-29 beginner games are worth 70% . intermediate games are worth 90% . level 30 beginner games are worth 55% . intermediate games are worth 80% . win 2.305 ip per minute up until 55 minutes . 18 ip bonus for completing a match ( ~7.8 minutes worth of ip ) loss 1.402 ip per minute up until 55 minutes . 16 ip bonus for completing a match ( ~11.4 minutes worth of ip ) graph optimum game length riot games has designed their ip system to reward playing the game to completion and to reward longer games : q : will i be getting more or less ip and xp as a result of this change ? a : while you will get more or less in some games , the average xp/ip gain will be much more consistent . if you typically played very long games , you will tend to get more ip and xp ; however , if you typically play short games , you will get slightly less ip and xp . while you do get a bonus beyond the " per minute ip " , that bonus is designed to compensate players for the time between matches : q : it seems unfair that i spend 5 minutes milling around in queue and in champion select , and do not get an ip/xp reward for that . does this system help with this at all ? a : actually , it does ! all game types give a slight ' completion bonus ' that is equivalent to several minutes of play . this is embedded in ip you earn . that being said : provided you could get into another game in substantially less that 7.8 minutes , you had make out slightly better by surrendering and starting a new game . you had have to do this a lot to see a substantial gain , however . if it took you longer to get into the next game , you had actually incur a loss overall . in short , it'll usually be best to play to 55 minutes , then bail out if you are very likely to lose . at that point , you are essentially playing to see if you will get 145 ip vs 94 ip . if losing seems like a foregone conclusion , then you are mostly playing for the experience at that point . sources items in the general section : league of legends @ wikia win/loss accrual rates : based on recorded values after the completion of games . there are some instances where ( rate * minutes ) does not exactly equal what i recorded from the game client when you round up , but overall the above rates serve as a good enough rule of thumb for my purposes . ip system faqs reference league of legends release notes v1.0.0.111 league of legends release notes v1.53
so , your interface is always the same . marines always cost 50 minerals , and they behave the same way . in harder difficulties , the ai is more agressive ( attacks sooner and more frequently ) and is smarter ( i.e. . better control over units ) , the enemies have more hp / attack , there are more enemies to encounter ( example , in the second mission , there is a little alcove north of the starting base with minerals and vespene pallets , on easier difficulties , there is not any force there , on harder difficulties , there is a lot more ) , and harder enemies to encounter ( on the third mission , on casual , my wife encountered zero mutalisks ) i do not think they give more starting money to computers , but i do not think they need to . on easier difficulties , the computer does not even use a fraction of the money it gathers .
yes they are applied in mid match . there is no situation where an assist will ever equal a kill unless you have hardline pro
the name of the song is "Napoleon's Final Conflict Revisited" it has taken parts from Tchaikovsky's 1812 overture hence the classical composition , so in fact has been both composed for this game a bit as well as being part of a previous work . you can find the music for the video here which also tells you all about the piece in the description
each time you harvest a carrots crop ( 4 hours ) you gain 10 rabbits . make sure you clear your town of rabbits before you harvest , there is a rabbit limit .
setting to busy ( or away ) is the best you can do . your friends should honor that . their im system is not extremely mature yet . maybe they will add features like this in time .
the tech faction only has two tiers of citizen . however , it is worth fully upgrading them , as labs and academies both become more effective depending on how many people surround them , and are an invaluable source for upgrades which can either be used directly or sold for licenses .
on of my favorite ways to deal with an opponents who is running a lot of sentries is a strategy called brinkmanship . briskmanship was a technique first pioneered by otto von bismark as part of his realpolitik during the period leading up to the first world war . the goal of brinkmanship was to push events further down the road to a " brink " without ever actually reaching it . the belief behind this was that as events moved towards the edge one could confer a very real advantage as people would start to make mistakes . such a machiavellian strategy is directly applicable to a mercantilistic situation like zerglings vs sentries . ultimately he would like to trade his sentry energy for zergling deaths at a fairly high rate of return . as a result the more force fields you can cause him to waste through brinkmanship the fewer remaining resources ( energy ) he has to invest in zergling deaths ( or roach/hydra deaths ) . the goal here is not to engage your opponent until he has exhausted most of his supply . you would think that it would thus work worst against an opponent who has a high supply of energy , but actually just the opposite is true ; the more energy your opponent has the more likely he is to misspend it . an opponent with few sentries will husband his forcefields until a full engagement is taking place . by comparison the enemy with 10+ sentries will be more willing to throw them away to try and catch a handful of zerglings . ideally you want to engage your opponent , force him to throw down a forcefield , and then retreat with minimal damage . the reason i like to use zerglings for this , is that many players think of force fields as a direct counter to zerglings and thus are more willing to expend them against advancing zerglings . additionally , zerglings are very fast ( a 6 on creep with the speed upgrade ) and have the best chance of getting out alive . they are also cheap ! the actual execution of the technique will be to : run your zerglings at your opponent , as if to attack , and then dash back just before actually getting to melee range . this feint is more effective if your opponent knows that the rest of your army is close behind . since zerglings are the fastest zerg land unit , it is not uncommon to see them as the harbingers of an attacking force . ideally , this will convince your opponent that this is an assault and he will expend forcefields . once he has started running out of forcefields to spend you can begin the real assault . remember , do not commit too early , its always better to wait as long as possible to engage as a zerg because of the speed at which you reinforce . the advanced class feinting and drawing out your opponents resources is a great technique , but a better player will start to realize this , so you are going to need a little extra gusto to punch through . there have been a number of innovative strategies to provide that extra " umph ; " tunneling roaches , doom drops , counters at their main , etc ; but one of the easiest consists of splitting your force in half and flanking them . by attacking from multiple sides you are able to achieve much higher surface area and a much larger arc . the result is that they need many more force fields and much higher micro to deal with the situation . usually , even a good player will not notice he is fighting a battle on two fronts until one of them has collapsed .
the day in animal crossing : new leaf officially rolls over at 6am , not midnight , as one might assume . so if you start playing on wednesday , the 25th and shake your trees , hit your rocks , buy store items , etc . , these things will not reset until 6am on thursday the 26th . this also means that you have until this time to finish any tasks your neighbors may have asked you to do for the day , though if they are asleep , you might not be able to turn them in to them .
it turns out % is smart enough to know what to do in this situation .
every race has its own starting area . additionally , race is a factor in the personal story of a character , thus it affects not only your starting quests , but part of those that come later as well . edit : you can , however , travel to the other races ' starting locations starting very early in your character 's lifetime , and the questless paradigm gw2 is built on means you can accompany your friends anywhere you all want to go ; only each character 's personal story is going to be location specific .
with help of people in the thread , i tried a few things . just waiting around will not make him reappear . what will make snorlax reappear in the bridge is to beat elite 4 . if you want it to appear again , simply go to pokemon league and re beat the elite 4 . this will apparently also work with other pokemons like mewtwo and zapdos if you failed to catch them ( thanks , scenia ) .
unfortunately the ability is incredibly buggy is greatly affected by lag . just be aware that if you have a terrible connection with the host , you will have a lot of trouble using this ability . a lot of times it is hit-or-miss . but you have the highest chance of success if you use it on flat ground ( sloped surfaces messes it up a lot ) and you are not too close your target . there is one thing i have never realized about until now , the duration of the mute is incredibly short . uncrafted , it is 1.5 seconds to be exact . so you really need to be in position and time it right for it to be useful . so no using it too early to create a safe zone , you gotta wait til your target is close enough for you to make your move but not too close where they can overtake you . also you must use it before they attack/stun/use an ability , it will not cancel it out . once i have realized this , i have been able to to make greater use of this ability . no more stunning then dying of poisoning , mute them so they can not poison you and you get your uncontested stun .
is the drop ship somehow deflecting them ? yes , drop-ships will shoot at oncoming missiles , which will cause the missile to go haywire and miss . you can avoid the bullets by firing away from the dropship and then directing the missile back into it ( sometimes i simply use a slight spiral ) .
@krazer has the right of it - the color indicates the size of sticker that the thing will create when the thing is flung . orange : small , 1 sticker square blue : medium , 1.5 sticker square pink : large , 2 sticker squares
you can redo entire missions , but it is an all or nothing proposition . you cannot go back to a previously cleared area ' as you left it ' to do additional looting or exploration .
while any combination of metal , water , and lightning has a chance of creating a cyclops dragon , i have it on good authority that the statistically fastest pairings to get one are : magnetic and ( seaweed or swamp ) cactus and rust ash and quicksilver has been a popular combo , although statistically the above listed pairings are the most likely to produce the cyclops with the least amount of wasted time . the breeding time is 33 hours without the breeding speed upgrade or 26 hours , 24 minutes with . do note that this is not a time-limited dragon , so do not consider this a priority over other , less available dragons .
the number of enemies does not scale that dramatically . you can read about the differences on the wiki , but the main difference in difficulty is that the enemies become more powerful . this is done by slightly increasing their levels or numbers , adding new attacks at higher difficulties , or buffing certain attributes ( such as the movement speed of the veteran grawl in the volcanic fractal ) . the increase in number of enemies that you observed seems abnormally high ; the increased numbers are usually subtle . that observed difference may be related to those dredge respawning indefinitely . to answer your question : yes they will keep increasing steadily , but not nearly as quickly as you have described . note that only bosses inflict agony , so additional agony and increased enemy numbers will rarely be coinciding problems .
the short answer is , it is there to let you adjust the picture , with the intent that it looks pleasing to your eye . therefore , if you are happy with the way the picture looks , the gamma 's probably fine . in gaming , extreme adjustments to gamma might expose or hide similarly colored items , which might change the game slightly , but otherwise it is a personal preference . the longer answer follows . gamma 's one of those tricky things that computers do to account for the fact that humans are not as linear/digital as computers are . computers can represent way , way more colors than humans are capable of telling apart . we humans have a tough time telling shades of gray apart - especially when they are very close to white or black . we are far more sensitive to shades of gray in the middle of the range between white and black . we use tricks like gamma encoding/decoding to do our best to take the zillions of possible colors and make the small amount we can efficiently represent have the most impact . gamma encoding attempts to capture as many different perceptible colors , while lumping together colors we can not tell apart . this is done to reduce the number of colors that the computer needs to store internally , while maximizing how many different colors can be shown . think of it like a form of compression . so , an artist creates an image as an art asset for a game . he uses particular colors to make this happen . the computer encodes these colors into a file with a particular gamma . when you boot the game up , your monitor or tv interprets these colors and creates an image out of them . this process of converting the digital signal back to something your eyes can see is the gamma decoding step . however , not all displays are created equal , and there is a decent amount of variance between even different displays of the same model from the same vendor . thus , if we want the image to look the same to everyone experiencing the same image , we need to calibrate and adjust the decoding process to account for these differences . the simplest way is to show a pattern like the one you describe . if you follow their directions , you will typically end up with a pretty decent approximation of the gamma that was used to encode the art assets used in the game . if you adjust your gamma outside of the directions , the art is not going to appear as the artist intended it . however , it might give you certain advantages by expanding the color range in an area where maybe the artist did not intend for you to be able to distinguish . it all comes down to how you prefer to experience the game . if the gamma 's too low , and too many dark colors are lumped together , then the game might be hard to play . if the gamma 's too high , you might miss lightly colored objects that are supposed to be differently colored , but which are not because the gamma adjustment is lumping them together . my advice ? unless you are a professional concerned with color , print , video , etc . . . just treat it like a preference . the adjustment is there to give you the chance to account for differences in your display , your eyes , the lighting conditions in the room , etc . put it where you like it , and enjoy the art . : )
armor items have a base armor rating ( based on the type of armor , eg steel ) that cannot be changed - but you can improve the effective armor rating ( i.e. . the number that appears on the item when you have it equipped ) in a few ways : increasing the level of the armor skill relating to that type of armor ( eg increased heavy armor skill will improve the rating you receive from heavy armor ) unlocking armor perks in the respective skill tree ( the first perk in the tree , i.e. juggernaut for heavy armor or agile defender for light armor ) unlocking the unison perk in the respective skill tree ( well fitted for heavy armor , custom fit for light armor ) and wearing four pieces of the same armor type to make it work improving the item via smithing - the higher your smithing skill , the better improved your armor will be , and having a smithing perk associated to that armor type will also help there is also a perk you can unlock through a quest which will give you a permanent +25% bonus if wearing dwarven armor . any of these methods will take effect immediately for armor you are already wearing - you will not need to create a new set to see the benefits , although you may need to unequip and re-equip your armor items before the benefits will be visible . bearing all of the above in mind , there is a hard cap of 80% physical damage reduction ( 567 in full armor without a shield , 542 in full armor with a shield , and 667 if unarmored ) , beyond which you will see no additional benefits . the cap is easily reached before maxing out all of the above methods - so , for example , it is possible to achieve the armor cap with steel armor if you have maxed out all other benefits ; you do not necessarily need dragon armor to do it . source ( uesp )
yes , it is possible . by default , pro evolution soccer 2013 places save data ( amongst other things ) in the user 's documents directory . the full path will be something similar to below : C:\Users\Nicholas\Documents\KONAMI\Pro Evolution Soccer 2013 nicholas would be replaced with your username . it is possible to copy the konami folder , or individual files from the source computer to the same/similar directory on the target computer . especially in the case of only copying individual files , remember to maintain the same folder structure ( \KONAMI\Pro Evolution Soccer 2013 ) . the save and option files copied to the target computer will be present when you next start the game .
i agree , calculating these kinds of things are tough . first you have to not calculate what unit producing buildings you need , but rather , what units you are going to build . for example : you can go 5 rax reapers , but only 3 rax if you are doing a mix of marauders/marines . but ok , you have got some build like : 2:1 marines/marauders , how many bases do you need to continuously produce that ? man , that'd be annoying to figure out for every combination of units you had like to build . luckly , you do not have to ! protoss , terran , zerg this will allow you to easily calculate how many bases you need to support the build of x number of type y units !
yes that will be fine . you may have to redownload the map packs if it does not recognise them .
there is no real method to " force " a villager to move out . unlike previous versions of the game , you can not even persuade them by sending them rubbish/trash and rotten fruit/tyres/cans etc which always worked well . there is a popular method that people use , myself included , in order to get them to leave promptly though , unfortunately it is a bit long winded and involves time travelling . i will explain it briefly here : start the game as normal and run around town and talk to all villagers ( max of 10 ) time travel to tomorrow and repeat step one but ignore the animal you want to move , if someone pings and offers work , do it unless it is the animal you want to leave , time travel to the next day and keep talking to everyone except the one you want to leave , repeat this process for 7 days ( 7 time travels ) , now you can do 1 of the next 2 things : on the 7th time travel day , swim in the sea for more than 5 mins ( resets pings ) , then run past the animal and they should ping and say they are thinking of leaving , or . . . time travel 7 more days ( in one jump , eg . 5th to the 12th of the month ) and they should have already moved out . there is a short guide on time travelling here . please note , the above method is not 100% guaranteed to work and you must be careful if you have any dreamies living in your town as there is a small risk that the wrong animal will leave . having said that , a lot of people have success with this method . good luck .
that is the ravana-class shivan destroyer , and no you can not destroy it . any ship that is a corvette or higher ( destroyers primarily , but also juggernauts ) are considered " capital ships " and can only be brought to 10% or less hull by " huge " weapons . these weapons include player-fired torpedoes ( such as the helios ) as well as a number of other capital ship weapons such as " beams " and " blob turrets " . you can fire all day at the ravana with your energy weapons and missiles but it will not fall below 10% hull .
anything that causes damage or a debuf will count as combat . this includes damage you deal and damage dealt to you . so if you exhaust someone then your buff will wear off . as the wiki states , " combat dehancers " do not count as direct combat . a combat dehancer would be something like warwicks blood scent . it reveals you on the map , but does not do any damage or have any other direct negative affects to your character . as of v1.0.0.101 these no longer remove your buff from the boots . the boots as an item are best used for roamers who need to switch lanes quickly . they are great for ganking because by the time someone calls an mia you are already in another lane . shaco is one of the most common champions i see with boots of mobility .
servers can choose to disable spawning on squad mates , and only allow spawning on your squad leader . if you are the squad leader , you cannot spawn at a team mate . you can use this filter to find servers that use this feature :
when they are confiscated , they are placed in an evidence chest . these chests can be found in the jails themselves and in guard houses . if you have the chutzpah , you can re-enter the jail once you serve your time and seek it out . it is usually around the same area as the belongings chest : the location is different depending on the jail , but checking the barracks or the entrances ( or even sometimes right next to your cell ) are generally a good bet .
i am not trying to steal celta 's answer here but i feel like i am explaining a bit more thoroughly . starting with the basics is of course digging sand with a shovel or blowing it up with tnt , but that either takes a long time or makes a lot of mess ( although the tnt method is great fun ) . the quickest way by far is to first dig down until you reach the bottom of the sand mountain , so to the area where the sand either turns into sandstone or stone . if you reach that level you start digging horizontally but every time you dig the bottom sandstone block you quickly place a torch underneath there . this makes all the blocks that fall on the torch break . this also works for gravel . i do not know if it works with tripwire or redstone-dust but i will try that when i get home in a few hours . an explanation : 0 0 0 0 0 X S 0 0 0 0 0 X S 0 0 0 0 0 X S 0 0 0 0 0 I S 0 0 0 0 " I S S S S S S S S 0 = Your mountain of sand. I = You X = air S = Stone  dig away the " block which is a sandblock ( could be stone or anything else but probably sand ) and when you dig it away quickly switch to torches and place a torch on the block beneath the pile . this will make all the blocks above break . a use for this is also in survival when you build a big 1 block wide tower to see whats around you . you can jump off in water and then get rid of the ugly landmark by simply digging the bottom block and placing a torch and voila the entire tower is gone . if you cant place a torch this fast you can also dig with a torch in hand . this does make it take a little bit longer to break the sand block but it does allow you to place the torch down immediately . you could also dig an additional 2 blocks down ( so into stone ) and place a torch there . then dig away the top stone block ( the one underneath sand ) and the sand will also fall on a torch . an explanation : place a torch underneath a stone block which lays underneath the sand you want gone . break the stone block and the sand will still fall onto the torch . i hope this helped if you want links you can still look at celta 's post .
as you assumed , new shields mitigations are : common shield : 10 rare shield : 20 very rare shield : 30 you can see those values in the app when upgrading shields . note that those values are for newly obtained shields , old one will still have old mitigation 's values . the mitigation of the shields is a percentage of absorption of damages . a ( common ) shield with a mitigation of 10 will absorb 10% of the damages made by the buster . a second ( common ) shield with mitigation 10 will catch 10% of the remaining damages . for example , let 's imagine a burster making 100 of damages on a resonator . first common shield will absorb 10% so damages will be reduced to 90 . a second common shield will absorb 10% of the 90 damages and will reduce damages to 81 . . . in the worst/better case with 4 very rare shields mitigation 30 , a burster making 100 damages will be reduced to 24 . to compute the total mitigation of shields on a portal you have to just multiply the percentages . a very rare shield will eat 30% , to compute the effects you will have to do X - (X * 30 / 100) that will reduce to X * 0.7 . so a very rare shield is equal to a 0.7 factor applied on the burster 's damage , a rare shield is equal to 0.8 and a common to 0.9 . so the way of computing damages is : RESULTING_DAMAGES = BURSTER_DAMAGES * SHIELD_1_FACTOR * SHIELD_2_FACTOR * SHIELD_3_FACTOR * SHIELD_4_FACTOR  and no matter the order of the shields , the result of a * is always the same : )
starcraft is partially a game of processing information . multitasking is one of the main skills you improve while playing . first , you need to use hotkeys . use them to quickly get information on production status and jump to different groups . with sc2 , hotkeys can bind to multiple buildings or groups and you can use the tab key to tab between them . personally , for terran , 1 is for command centers , 2 is used for my initial initial scouting scv and then for general unit usage , 3 is always barracks , 4 is always starports and factories . 5 through 8 become groups of units in the mid- and late-game . the above scheme lets you tap 3 and 4 to see production status of the army . do this and , if you do not see white dots underneath the green building icon in the bottom console , start building something . ( what to build is another discussion . ) cycle between your hotkeys to move units and check on production status . do not forget that double-tapping hotkeys takes you to the group , ctrl and a number assigns the group , and shift and a number adds units or buildings to the group . next , you really , really need to pay attention to audio cues in the game . make sure to turn the music off so you can hear them more clearly . finally , note that space takes you to where the action is . did you year " our units are under attack ? " hit space , and you will be taken to the action . or maybe you will remember which hotkey you assigned that group and you can double-tap it . hope that helps : )
this is not a statue , but satan , and you have found what is referred to as a " devil room " . these two particular items are sister maggy ( on the left ) , a familiar that follows you and shoots blood tears in the same direction that you do , and the mark , which increases your damage by 2 points . be aware that the cost depicted in hearts will be deducted from your own heart containers , possibly killing you if you do not have enough health . as always , all items appear in the game 's wiki .
as of season 2 &mdash ; we can now camp outside .
depends what you mean by " ignore " . if you choose not to accept assignments then your popularity wont decrease , however if accept a quest and ignore it , you will fail it you will get a 5% loss to your popularity . to fail a quest you need to let the deadline pass and after a few days esty will cancel the quest . i am not sure if there is a popularity drop if you cancel a quest befpre it is failed however when your trying for endings with a popularity of &lt ; 80 and you need it lowered you normally fail quests to forcefully drop it
at a certain point in the storyline , when you get at least 30 ( i do not remember exactly ) platinum medals , you get access to a secret wanzer . however , that wanzer is also accessible by other means . so basically platinum medals serve no purpose other than giving you bragging rights .
i am thinking it does add the slow from rylai 's . i have been looking on the wiki 's and i found this : the following will not trigger a slow : champion abilities that do not trigger spell vamp on-hit damage damage dealt by items summoner spells , such as ignite and smite . damage dealt by the auto-attacks of clones and pets/minions . http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/rylai's_crystal_scepter then on this page http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/on-hit_effect#items i found under : abilities — do apply spell vamp : area of effect the following effects deal area of effect damage , but are not classified as splash damage : cho'gath 's vorpal spikes
it most definitely works . this is my new preferred way to play my engineer . you can keep track of the # of revenge crits you have racked up in the bottom right corner of the default interface above the ammo counter . one of the nice advantages of using the mini-sentries with the frontier justice is the ability to blow up your sentry intentionally to get the crits , since rebuilding mini-sentries is quick and cheap . it is an effective way to provide your team with additional offensive prowess : critical shotgun shots do a significant amount of damage . keep in mind that you get 2 per kill , 1 per assist , and your mini sentry is much more likely to get an assist than a kill due to it is lower damage output .
uesp says 46 is the highest level required for leveled items . level 48 is where you can start finding daedric armor . we might need the creation kit to be sure about every single item .
to skip the tutorial . click the Getting Started button on the home screen . the tutorial city will load , and a welcome message popup will show in the lower corner . you must click the Okay button to start the tutorial in order to skip it . if you do not start the tutorial , then it will not work . once the next popup appears called " camera " . click the options button ... in the upper right corner , and then click Exit To Main Menu . when you return to the main menu the tutorial will have been cancelled . you can now go and create your first city for that server .
no need to explore further , you are missing the equipment that allows you to ignite the torch by yourself without an external ignition source . you pick up this piece of equipment in the cliffside village area right before you return to the mountain village after the next section of the game , you will be able to return and get the ' resources ' then .
i am not too familiar with 3d-analyse , but the settings which ought to work are : props for the youtube-user :
i have never seen a laptop with native video input support ( and i used to work for a major laptop manufacturer , so i have seen quite a few ) . they generally have video output ports which are typically vga and/or hdmi for output to an external monitor or projector . you will probably have to add a video capture card or device to your laptop in order to make this work . many usb devices exist , so search your favorite electronics vendor for " video capture usb " or something similar . prices seem to vary wildly - i saw multiple options under $20 , although quality may be a concern . most of the ones i have seen are only composite ( single yellow rca video jack ) in , which would probably be ok for a wii or other standard definition console , but not so great for a ps3 or xbox 360 , or a bluray player , for example . you will want to make sure that your device supports composite out if you go this route . most devices do , but you may have to buy a different video output cable than the one it came with . with one of these devices , you simply plug the device into your laptop 's usb port , and then plug the wii 's video and audio output jacks into the device . it should come with software that allows you to view the output on your screen and record it to your laptop 's hard drive if you so choose . i found this youtube video of someone using one of these usb devices to hook his xbox 360 to his laptop , which should walk you through the basic steps .
currently , no -- the 30 unit maximum seems to have been hardcoded , fairly arbitrarily . as to why , you had probably have to ask on the bay 12 forums -- toady is generally pretty good at communicating with his players .
champion innate abilities can scale ( for instance , vi 's shield scales with health , diana 's bonus magic damage scales with ability power ) , but currently , there are no champion innate abilities that scale off of ( or are reduced by ) cdr . any ability ( innate or otherwise ) that scales with cdr will use white numbers on the scaling variable .
when starting a game , the main menu has an option called , " network options " . setting this to " online invite only " , or offline only will ensure that you can play by yourself in peace . network options is also available in your menu after starting , so you can change this on the fly as needed .
there are many suggestions on how to fix this problem over in this thread on the audio surf forums but what it seems to come down to is the following ; check that your filepath only has characters from a-z and\or numbers 0-9 . this fixed the problem for me . ensure that your steam installation location and/or library location only contain alphanumeric characters . it is also worth noting that audiosurf does not use ceg , so you can move the audiosurf folder out of your steamapps folder to another location on your hard drive and run it from there .
i disagree with both of the contributed answers to this question . they are right but for the wrong reasons . i believe lcds do not work because of a technical limitation , but this talk about electron beams and " retrace lines " does not make sense to someone who understands the technology : a properly contrasted white box is all the light gun looks for . the photo-diode inside the gun can not tell if it is seeing white light from lit phosphors or a properly backlit lcd . please understand that my response is founded on my studies in computer engineering ( specializing in embedded systems design ) at a credible institution , where , out of many projects , i had a particularly pertinent project writing the vhdl code to drive images in frame buffers directly to the raw data pins with horizontal/vertical/blanking timing signals of an lcd display . my response is also based on knowledge of how duck hunt and the light gun interact . however the following is mostly based on my observation in getting duck hunt working on a recent-model samsung lcd tv . this problem is almost certainly to do with timing and image processing . brightness may play a factor in some people 's situation ( early lcds had relatively poor contrast ratios ) , however the pixel transition time and contrast ratio of the samsung lcd i used were good enough to occasionally register a hit . the fact that it registered at all may be a miracle but i can assure you it has nothing to do with crt electron beams or retracing . why i believe this to be a latency issue is because of a strange anomaly where , when i could finally get the title screen to register a hit , i would either end up in the single , double-duck or double-clay pigeon mode . when i would fire at a target there would be a roughly 50/50 chance that the white boxes would display at all , and i could never hit a duck in the single-duck game . however in the double-duck/pigeon game , when i would see the white squares and a hit would be registered , the wrong target would get hit . from what i understand about duck hunt , to allow for hits on multiple targets to be distinguished , the game would first blank the screen and show the square for " target 1" for a few milliseconds ( not sure on timing ) , then clear that square and show the square for " target 2" for a few milliseconds . crt tvs would have no latency in showing the image to the screen and therefore work great for duck hunt where the times that white squares were on the screen were timed precisely by the game . what i believe i experienced was that the light gun would see the square for " target 2" when i aimed at " target 1" because of the latency in the image processing algorithm the tv was using to up-convert the image . when i would fire , the game thought it saw the light from " target 1" , because that is the square being shown on the tv at the time , when the target i shot at on the tv was " target 2" . i have a number of tests i want to try and run to confirm if this theory is correct , but if this is the case , tv manufacturers could fix this problem by speeding up the processing of the image . so all my classic-gaming friends , all hope is not lost and as technology gets better we may once again be able to use our nes zapper with future tvs .
delfino airstrip : 1 delfino plaza : 19 bianco hills , gelato beach , ricco harbor , pinna park , noki bay , sirena beach , pianta village : 30 corona mountain : 10 total of 240 . sorry , no way to find out how many are left , but you can see how many blue coins you have collected in an area by pressing the z button and selecting a level on the map . the amount of blue coins collected in that area is shown at the bottom right . unfortunately , delfino plaza does not show this tally . source ( s ) http://www.ign.com/faqs/2002/super-mario-sunshine-blue-coins-faq-374577
this is what blizzard developer commented on similar question , it answers to why they did not remove carriers . " i think it is very unlikely that we will cut carrier again . it was just not a cool move . if we had followed my first idea of cutting units and replacing them with new units across all 3 races then i think it would be on the list to be cut . but we did not do that . no other race got any cuts . to cut just carrier is weird . and a little mean to our protoss players . i do not think tempest and carrier are currently in conflict . i believe that carrier is something that ( in theory ) could be massed . the current tempest is something that you use strategically in smaller numbers to control the battlefield and force engagement . or at least that is my current theory . = ) " source discussion more about tempest development
use the command /amuicfg , which allows you to see mana and burnout in many different ways . to exit the menu press esc .
from what i have seen , there is no progress bar about that . but you can notice how much xp you get for basic stuff like building smoething and do it every 4-5 minutes until you notice the drop then quit the game or finish the ai . i am pretty sure that just playing games after games will get you more xp than trying to force xp into a match . level 30 arrives pretty fast !
nighthunter was a game released by a little french studio called " ubisoft " in 1988 . you may have played some of their other titles . a version was available for the atari st , as well as a couple of other platforms , including the commodore 64 and the pc . the levels start to repeat after a while , with the difficulty going up due to harder enemies - fewer defenseless blondes and more arrow-firing vampire hunters . the final level is level 30 , and it is the same as level 5 aside from the difficulty . completing it gets you here : . . . a blue " game over " screen with a high score list . : ( ( do note that this is from the pc version of the game - it is the best i can do ! ) playing it today would require a version of the original game along with some sort of emulator . there was a pc version , so getting that and something like dosbox would probably be the easiest way to go . as far as i can tell , it is not a property they have invested considerable time in since the 80 's . alternatively , it looks as if this particular youtube user has done a walkthrough of the entire game , so just watching that might give you enough of a nighthunter fix .
there are initially five tomes , but because i am too lazy to explain where they are , i will simply quote a source that provides the required information : in abandoned thaig , the entrance ( known as " recently opened passage" ) is at the west end of sundermount , in a corner left of the north-western exit , accessible only in act ii . the tome is found in the main room of the thaig next to the nexus golem ( for the battle in this room , see " strategy " section in abandoned thaig page ) . a cave at the east end of the bone pit ( outside the mine ) . inside the location is called " cave " a cave in the northern middle parts of the wounded coast . it should be named " the dank cave " and is not marked on your map . note that this cave is inaccessible later in the game . in the chantry , on a table from the southern stairs , second floor . in the viscount 's keep , eastern part on a table near the throne . after which you are required to find a sixth tome : . . . it can be found in the forgotten lair , which is an area in darktown next to the entrance . note that you may come across a locked door and will need a rogue to unlock it , again , the same source will let you verify , but here 's my trimmed down version of what your options are once you reach each book ( including the last one ) : destroy book : -10 rivalry with merrill read book : you only get these effects the first time you choose these option accept deal : +5 friendship with merrill greater tome of the mortal vessel +2 attribute points take book : +5 friendship with merrill take book : receive a book of forbidden lore trash item to sell ( so a little cash , nothing else ) . i think reading or taking any of the first five will prevent you from finding the last one ( and therefore from finishing the quest ) , so you might wish to save the accept or take options until the book in the forgotten lair since you can only get the " positive " effects once .
human revolution is a prequel to the first deus ex so you will not miss out on any preceding storyline by playing hr first . however , hr is built on the same concepts ( sneaking , finding alternate routes , talking your way out of problems ) as the original and you might feel a little behind the curve since you are picking up the game concepts for the first time . and yes , you may miss some inside jokes about crawling around in ventilation ducts ( it happens a lot in the first game , and a lot in hr as well ) . although i have not finished hr yet , i expect it will tie into the events of deus ex ( already there are some references to the future of nano-augmentation , a heavy plot point in the original ) but you should not miss out on these things , they will just make sense when you play the original later on . as for invisible war , it takes place even later after the events of the original so you will not be missing out on any plot points there . in all honesty , some people do not really consider iw to be a proper sequel as it dropped or reduced a number of features that many people enjoyed from the original ( most of which are back in hr ) . so do not feel bad if you do not play it , ever .
yes , in halo games on the xbox 360 , if you have one player signed in with xbox live gold , up to 3 other people can sign in as " guest " and play online at the same time in splitscreen . most multiplayer xbox live games allow for this mode of sharing gold status .
if you have seen an alien once , you will see them again , this applies to all enemies except for the final boss and outsiders ( of whom you only need to capture 2 ) . grounded ufos will occasionally contain commanders and always ethereals , the 2 enemies that seem kind of one-offish . the frequency of earlier enemies spawning does seem to go down as you progress through the game , but if you try for a while you will meet them again . bonus : when you reach the final stage of the plot ( but do not start it ) , you will be able to play pretty much forever , allowing you to complete all interrogations , research and foundry projects - no abductions to cause panic and no pressure to pursue the plot .
no , there is no friendly fire with " normal " weapons assuming the unit is friendly ( e . g . not mind controlled or panicking ) . you can blow up a friendly 's cover , though .
i have tried resetting quests and killed malthael with a friend giving me the wp afterwards , but got no legendary out of it . afterwards i tried doing all quests in act 5 and killing malthael afterwards , which resulted in a legendary and a plan , so i think you need to do all quests in act 5 for the guaranteed legendary ( i have no official source about this , but this seems pretty much like the way it is ) . also to reset the quests you need to do all quests from act 1-5 or the button will not get clickable . source additionally ( just if you did not know ) you get an experience and gold bonus for completing quests the first time after resetting quests .
ah so this is how u do it : kill the bug by using a sentence delete command like " dis " . delete the whole paragraph by pressing " dap " . hope this is helpful to someone else .
i would say add as many people as possible , for a few reasons : friend safari - each friend you have gives you another ' safari ' to go on . as you say you are interested in online multiplayer , friend safari is where you will be able to find pokemon with their hidden abilities , as well as starting out with two ( or more ! ) max iv stats , making breeding that perfect pokemon even easier . o-powers - as you mention , you can receive o-powers from friends . i have found it beneficial if i send a friend a ' nice ! ' to draw attention , and changing my description to the o-power i need . usually i will receive it . fairly risk free - unlike other online chat/friending communities , nintendo limits the amount of interaction friends can have with each other , usually leaving it to the individual games to implement chat , trade and other functions . plus , in order for players to become friends , you must both add each other , so even if someone gets your friend code , you need theirs in order to become friends . easier trading - you might spend hours if not days hunting for even the most trivial pokémon on gts . by befriending some people online , you may be able to request a trade , and come to an agreeable offer before ever hitting the trade button - saving you time and energy . obviously be vigilant , remember that some people can be scammers so make sure you are still wearing your common sense hat - but generally if you treat others well they will reciprocate .
there are a total of 7 rounds to this stage , and chansey 's behavior is different with each round : pick the egg chansey jumps up behind . pick the egg chansey walks up to . pick the shaking egg . pick the faster-shaking egg . pick the first egg to be thrown out . pick the egg that casts a shadow . the game will randomly select from one of the above clues ; use the appropriate strategy .
it is similar to call of duty 's hardcore mode . hardcore mode was added to further the sense of realism in the game . in hardcore mode there is no hud so you cant check how much ammo you have remaining etc , the amount of damage you can sustain is reduced so you will be dead within a couple of shots , but watch out for those snipers ! you will die within one shot from a sniper rifle . finally there will be no kill cam so you can not see how you died . i hope this info helps .
multiple sources state that " shadowrun lacks a stat-tracking system . " so no , they are not saved anywhere .
you are looking for a server transfer , which does not appear to exist at this time . typically mmos do not release this " feature " at the start of a mmo when it opens .
in the current form , there are no options , or menus to change any options for the netflix xbox 360 application related to autoplay , or anything else for that matter . i would hope this is an oversight that will be fixed , because i did not really want to start and play hot in cleveland and have it stuck in my recently watched section for eternity .
silence will not disable passives or items . only prevent people from actively casting a spell or interrupt a spell they are currently channelling . edit : silence will disable any passive invisibility though ( rikimaru 's ultimate , moonlight shadow or broodmother in her web ) there are 2 skills in the game that will disable passives though . doom 's doom , and legion commander 's duel . these are considered " mutes " and disable everything , including items ( both passives granted by the item and active item abilities ) . although , legion commander 's does not disable every passive in the game . so doom is still the strongest in that regard . as if it was not confusing enough another variation is disrupter 's ultimate . with the aghs upgrade it'll disable spell casting and item usage but not passives . here is a breakdown of it including all the inclusions and exclusions between lc and doom 's mute : http://dota2.gamepedia.com/silence
i tested this today . i did not pick up any [ ? ] boxes , and my brother picked up about fourteen . i still ended up getting around two to three thousand credits though , so apparently they do count for both . : )
the boomerang will always return to you , so there is no point in dodging it . to catch it properly you need to hold down space when it is near . this will prevent boomerang from hitting you in the ass , and reduce its wear by half .
if your letters are incredibly bad , you can not get rid of many of them , and you think there are some good letters left for you to swap some , you might want to do it . if it is early in the game and you have a lead , so much the better . if you have a bunch of consonants and no vowels , a swap might be a good idea . if you have memorized the scrabble dictionary and know that all your possible plays suck , it might be a good idea . edit : dave 's answer , and the answers on the question he links , further expand on when it is a good idea ; check it out . it is very rarely worth it . actually calculating this , without programmatic help ( cheating ) , is infeasible ; see below . even with help , there are a lot of factors you just can not appropriate account for . to calculate the decision , count cards . err , tiles . if your tiles are bad , there is some likelihood that the tiles you swap for will be better than yours . you can figure out that likelihood by subtracting your tiles and the played tiles from the set off all tiles , then factoring in the probability that someone else has the " good tiles " and the probability that you actually pick them up from the pile . then you calculate an expected point value and decided whether the swap is worth it . say you want to swap one tile , for a particular letter ψ . there are x ψ 's in the game , a have been played , you already hold b of them . that leaves c = x - a - b left . there are y tiles on the board , plus 21 held by the other players . that leaves d = 102 - y - 21 left for you to choose from ( there are 102 tiles in the game ) . if you ignore the fact that the tiles picked up by another player also effect everyone else 's probability of picking them up , not just yours , the probability that you pick up a ψ is e = ( c / d ) ( 1 - ( ( d - c ) / d ) 21 ) . i am ignoring that fact because i have not taken combinatorics in a few years and do not want to re-learn how to account for it :p now multiply e by your expected point value for the new word , j , to get f : the expected value of this move . now recompute f for every possible ψ . add them all up and divide by the number of them , to get g , the expected value of swapping one letter . if g is greater than the value of the best move you can make right now , then you should do the swap if you are following a greedy algorithm . other factors to consider : would the other players hold the letter for an abnormally long time if they picked it up earlier ? the above assumes all letters are treated equally . will someone steal the spot you are considering for your next move after the swap ? do you have other spots ? will a better one open up ? you can not account for the behavior of the other players . if you swap more than one letter , you have even more complicated math to do . as mentioned above , this does not properly account for the other players ' tiles . it will overestimate your chances slightly . how does this affect you in the long run , beyond only the next move ? what is the probability that you pick up good letters if you play some of the bad ones you are holding , instead of swapping ? tl ; dr even the simplified math says you are wasting your time even thinking about it , most of the time . when you think you are really stuck , try a swap ; develop a gut instinct for when it works and when it does not . i do not think you can do much better than that , apart from rare situations where it is very clear .
i believe doors allow attacks in one direction . so if you mount the door from the outside , you can attack through it , but you cannot be attacked ( or be shot by skeletons ) from outside . i can not find an official source on this , but this thread discusses it ( see the last post ) , and this blog entry ( see number 5 ) seems to confirm it .
keep trying . i was able to get several of them about an hour ago on windows phone .
its under copyright and they do not have any posted licensing terms , so unless you have a reason to claim ' fair use ' there are no licensing terms . if you want to license the music and include it in your game , you are going to have to contact valve . http://www.valvesoftware.com/contact/
oh yes i had that one too . there is a simple way of fixing this . . . you have 3 bows of the same kind . sell 2 and keep only one . if you hotkey with only one of a kind the hotkeys will work .
eventually zed territories will appear at level 4 . there are no survivors to rescue here , instead you must destroy all zed before a time limit runs out . if you do not take care of these zones , then nearby zed territories will have their level grow at the end of each turn ( 1→2 , 2→3 , 3→4 ) . left unchecked , this can lead to many zones being level 4 , with no survivors for you to rescue , and each level 4 zone able to make the surrounding zones even harder . you do eventually unlock something to help deal with the level 4 zones called the llama bomb . just do not try to go in and clean it out at your first chance , because you just are not powerful enough to deal with it at the time ( at least i was not ) . here is an image i found showing what the llama bomb looks like when you use it in game . the green zones are the territories that the llama bomb will affect .
you could borrow a disc from a friend to install the game to your hard drive . then use your disc to run fifa . my friend and i did the with mw2 - he severely scratched his disc , so i brought mine over his house to install the game . it worked fine afterwards .
the way i always tackle this is with an advancing wall of fence posts . assuming you have mine shafts nearby ( since that is where these spawners usually show up ) go grab a whole bunch of them . now , you are probably in a 3-by-3 shaft , so go to the wall of wood pillars and place a 3-by-3 wall of fence posts over it . next , go to one of the side walls and break out the middle block ( the one at head height ) which is immediately adjacent to a fence post you just placed . this will make a gap on the side of the fence wall that is wide enough for you to mine away or place blocks behind the fence wall , but narrow enough that cave spiders can not fit through . beware , the spiders can still reach you to hit you if you are too near the gap , so maintain a safe distance and time your attacks when the spiders approach the gap . once you clear enough of them out , you can walk up to the gap and start to place another 3-by-3 fence wall ahead of where the current one is . then you can break the first fence wall and advance . lather , rinse , repeat and eventually you will get close enough to the spawner to either destroy it or place torches to deactivate it . it can take some time but it will keep you from getting killed under a tidal wave of angry poisonous spiders .
press q , or use the mouse wheel .
getting all of the co-op achievements turns into a pretty boring grindfest once you know how go do it . to get all achievement in fewest games as possible you should play as random vs . insane ai , because - like sorean mentioned - it counts for lower ais . also try to do the each race combination vs. 3 Insane AI and 15 Win-streak vs. 3 Insane AI first , because after that you only need to play vs . 2 ai where the games end quicker . beating insane is not hard if you use basic rush strategies for each race : zerg 6 pool 10 pool + gas with speedlings inbase spinecralwer if up against at least 1 zerg skip zerglings and go for mutalisks from 2 bases - this is only safe if your allies distract all enemies so they do not overwhelm you before mutas are out protoss cannon-rush with 1st pylon and forge as proxy transition into mass proxygate zealots if up against zerg ( creep is so annoying for cannonrushing ) for very long games maybe get void rays terran 3 proxy barracks with mass reaper - fastest for killing worker and buildings - consider to get +1 attack for more efficency in later game stages ( if it occurs ) proxy barracks and mass marines - get some bunkers too if you do not have uber micro ( so get them almost always ) also make sure to distract the ai with a extractor/pylon/engeneering bay in his base . this way the computer will pull workers from mining and try to kill your building . make sure they lose as much mining time as possible and have less stuff to hold your rush off . when your units come out , go for their harvesters first if its possible , but do not sacrifice too much of your army . obviously getting some friends in to have a relying team will make the win-streak much easier than getting random people that might fail and deny your achievement after 14 successful games .
it is a thorns effect . every time you are hit by a melee attack , the offending servant of darkness will take x damage as a rebuke for daring to strike your most august personage . in fact , if you look at the detailed breakdown of your defenses in your character sheet , it is even listed as ' thorns ' there .
windhelm house has in fact 12 shelves , each capable of holding 11 books . there are four bookshelves ( with 2 shelves each ) and one taller bookshelve ( with 4 shelves ) with the total of 12 shelves , the house can hold 132 books . i just bought that house in order to get the windhelm home decorating guide book . edit : alright , i own 4 houses in skyrim , so here im listing the houses and its book space numbers ( only interactive bookshelves ) . whiterun - breezehome : 47 books riften - honeyside : 72 books windhelm - hjerim : 132 books markarth - vlindrel hall : 162 books solitude - proudspire manor : 132 books thats it . detailed info : whiterun 's breezehome : livingroom - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 18+18 ) , alchemy lab - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 11+11 ) . riften 's honeyside : bedroom - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 18+18 ) , basement - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 18+18 ) . windhelm 's hjerim : by the stairs - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 11+11 ) , secret room - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 11+11 ) , kitchen - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 11+11 ) , armory - 1 bookshelf with 2 shelves ( 11+11 ) , bedroom - 1 bookshelf with 4 shelves ( 11+11+11+11 ) . markarth 's vlindrel hall : in front of alchemy lab - 3 bookshelves with 3 shelves each ( 18+18+18 + 18+18+18 + 18+18+18 ) . solitude 's proudspire manor : i havent bought the house yet , but i will when i have the money , in the meantime according to ricky , the house has 6 bookshelves with 2 shelves each . 11 x 6 x 2 = 132 .
according to uesp , the chance of paralysis on a weapon enchanted with paralysis effect is 25% . i have confirmed the 25% number with empirical testing . test data : number of hits between paralysis : giant : 3 11 12 8 1 1 2 4 2 1 5 4 3 3 1 1 4 7 5 9 7 10 2 9 1 6 1 4 10 3 1 1 3 1 2 2 4 2 1 average : 4.02 count : 39 implied chance of paralysis : 24.9% bandit marauder : 1 4 1 1 14 1 2 6 7 10 5 1 3 15 6 8 4 1 1 1 7 16 1 3 1 1 9 1 2 average : 4.59 count : 29 implied chance of paralysis : 21.8% total average : 4.26 count : 68 implied chance of paralysis : 23.4% ( close enough for the small sample size , i say . ) source : uesp weapon effects
as far as i can tell , the bird statues are the only way to save . this article mentions save points in dungeons , and i am assuming they are refering to the bird statues as well . there are save points scattered throughout the adventure , even in the middle of dungeons . this might sound like an obvious improvement , but it will be taken as something approaching heresy by the more traditionalist of zelda fans . if you die , you can continue at the last save point with all of the items you have found . nintendo clearly wants players of all skill levels to be able to finish the adventure .
all rookie soldiers start with 40 will and gain will increases as they gain ranks . they suffer a decrease in will when they suffer a critical wound in battle . therefore , there is not really a single low number to worry about , as it varies by each rank . also , a squaddie ( or any other low ranked soldier ) who has been critically wounded can eventually gain enough will back to be a successful soldier . the table below shows the low and high will values a soldier can have , by rank . by checking each soldier against the table , you can determine if their will is too low for the rank they have . i have included the low and high will values for when the iron will upgrade has been purchased . however , i am not certain how helpful those will be , as you generally purchase that upgrade after your soldiers have been promoted a few times , so you will not expect to see values as high as the columns indicate . i created the table using the following assumptions : each soldier gets a fixed +2 per level . each soldier gets a random +1d6 per level ( irandwillincrease=6 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another fixed +2 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( ibaseotswillincrease=2 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another random +1d4 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( irandotswillincrease=4 in the ini file ) . ( see http://wiki.tesnexus.com/index.php/xcom:eu_defaultgamecore.ini_settings for the ini values . ) the second wave options not created equally and hidden potential change all of this . not created equally changes the starting will from a fixed 40 to a random number between 25-60 . will increases stay the same . hidden potential changes the will increases ( and all other stat increases ) to be random , so there will be a much larger variation of will values among your soldiers . the above table can still be used to check whether you have a soldier who is better or worse than " normal " , though . source .
edit : as of minecraft 1.5 or so , slime spawning has changed yet again . right now , slimes will only spawn in certain chunks of your map , depending on the map 's seed . there are tools online such as this one that let you input your seed , and it will output the chunks of your map that will spawn slimes . slimes spawn within 16 blocks of bedrock , in any light conditions . i think they were removed in the 1.2 beta , but it is confirmed that they have returned in 1.2_01 . slimes spawned fairly frequently back in alpha , but i believe notch reduced the spawn rates by quite a bit since then . the 1.3 update increased the slime 's spawn rate yet again .
some players not being able to load saves is a known bug in title update 9 ( tu9 ) : xbox live silver members sometimes may not be able to load old saves . tu9 is riddled with show-stopping bugs , and tu10 is apparently under feverish development to fix the fiasco tu9 is causing . the only free , permanent solution is to wait for the update . the more immediate solution is to pay for a gold membership . a temporary work-around is to disconnect your xbox 's internet ( either unplugging the cable , or turning off your wireless router ) before starting minecraft and loading your world , then reconnecting/turning it back on after your world is loaded .
in terms of countering the opponent , let 's look at the order : your opponent goes for some gateways . you create a strong bio ball . your opponent counters them with colossi . you spend less on your now weaker bio ball , and spend that money to get vikings . your opponents colossi is now weaker , so he could spend money to counter your vikings . so , unless your opponents goes for an odd play style , you can conclude less colossi are made . side note : also , you can easily suspect colossi when creating a bio ball ; and vikings when going colossi . just try to scout robotics , if not , scout for twilight council ( --> ht/dt ) or a stargate ( --> carrier ) . scouting is key to make strategical decisions supported by risk analysis , in military terms : there are known knowns . these are things we know that we know . there are known unknowns . that is to say , there are things that we know we do not know . but there are also unknown unknowns . there are things we do not know we do not know . &mdash ; donald rumsfeld scouting and map control helps you increase the amount of known knowns . :- )
to get inside , you have to get the balls move very fast . this is hardy possible if the resolution of your screen is too high compared to the power of your computer . try lowering the resolution for this particular puzzle . edit : some people still cannot manage to get through the south exit , so i give a bigger hint . do not read if you are afraid of spoilers . it is rather quite tricky to get it down , but the way i did it was . . . do not keep moving once you have already broken a lot of the cube . let it regenerate , and try again . if you keep moving , it'll regenerate too much over any area you want to move through . i found that only one of the sides consistently made a hole big enough to jump through . move around , try to look for the hole , wait for the cube to regenerate , then move to where you saw the biggest hole . then move around to break it open again , and usually it breaks open in a similar pattern as before . reference : neogaf . one of the walls will regen slower than the others . thats your best bet for getting in . reference : gamefaqs .
tf2 uses the source engine , as do several other games by valve . to conserve disk space by sharing files , steam automatically installs all of them in the default location . there is no way to change the installation library folder for these games .
here are the spawn boxes for the radiant side of the map courtesy of http://dota-2.co/topic/4159-neutral-camp-spawn-points/:
take a look here for a look into the lego city undercover code releases from what i found , the content in the pack unlocks 2 police car chases ( for missions ) chase mccain can hop into his lego city elite police car and call on his elite motorcycle buddy to help apprehend a robber in a sports car ! the police car comes with a special code on the number plate too : enter this code in-game and you’ll unlock two vehicles from the playset and two exclusive car chase missions in lego city undercover tl ; dr if you are strictly looking for in-game content see below , otherwise i have been able to find a purchasable dlc code only in the lego set as described in the op : if you take this lego game survey you should be rewarded with a key to unlock content . i also found these that might work ( have not tested them yet ) via here : mhhrhm : race car driver xkgzvj : gorilla suit guy hvgtpg : natalia kowalski gystqp : werewolf n7nn4f9 : high speed chase missions and vehicles unlock cheat 3gcc7xr : justice and red sports car unlock cheat note : not all cheat codes can be entered from the extras menu , exceptions include : a ) the mission and vehicle cheat codes have to be entered on the computer terminal outside the police station garage , b ) chase’s disguises and lego city character cheat codes have to be entered inside the police station . here is a video confirming the reddit post .
in fact , there is . luckily , in order to get the gold medal , you do not need to fulfill all conditions in the same run . thanks to that , you may try to complete a mission within the time limit , then retry the mission and attempt a longer , yet safer run . at the end of the mission , you will get a report saying that you did not complete all challenges and therefore only get silver . as soon as you look at the report in " replay mission " , however , you will see your gold medal .
i would definitely recommend playing the first game before the second if you can - the story is great and unless it is been accidentally spoiled , there are several twists and turns that make it really worthwhile . just when you think you have figured it out and you think you are sooo clever , it'll surprise you : ) though as you say , there is no mass effect 1 on ps3 . there is however , a sort-of solution to not having a save game - there is an interactive motion comic that takes you through the major plot points and lets you make most , if not all , of the big decisions from the first game . the comic is included with the ps3 version of the game so you had be good to go . btw , if you have a decent pc i would recommend playing it on that instead . the graphics are better , the gameplay is a lot smoother because you do not have to keep pausing to use powers , and you still can not beat mouse + keyboard ! : )
according to nintendo 's wifi help page : important note about the nintendo dsi and wpa security : while the nintendo dsi is compatible with wpa security , nintendo ds games with online play still require the use of wep or no security to connect with the nintendo wfc . after some clarification from micheal madsen , it seems the answer is slightly more complicated than initially assumed . i am basing my answer here on the connectivity section of the wiki page , and the above statement from nintendo . 3ds and dsi : wep will work , guaranteed . wpa and wpa2 will work if the game supports it . ds : wep only . so for ease of use , wep is the lowest common denominator . all ds models ( and games ! ) support wep . use that if you do not care about the encryption protocol , and your main focus is just getting online . things get dicey if you own a dsi or 3ds . in that case , if you want to use wpa or wpa2 , the game needs to support it , as well . i went looking for a complete list of games that would support wpa , but all i found was " newer games that were specifically developed for the dsi will support wpa " . so there is no clear way to know if your game will work or not , other than to try it . if you do not want to downgrade your encryption protocol , an alternate option is using the wireless dongle offered by nintendo . be warned that it can mess with your network , though ; i ran into some fun internal network issues when it was active . the only way to resolve it was to unplug it , and reboot the router .
i am always mining on the second level on top of bedrock . that is 4-6 blocks on top of bedrock layer . this area is very rich in everything . tons of coal , tons of iron and reasonable amounts of gold/diamonds/lapiz/redstone .
without a bottle , the only other way to gain hearts is to find a chair to sit in . if you sit there long enough , you can recover all your missing hearts .
i believe the number is 5 million . but here is the thing . once you have that much the chest will be covered in gold and inaccessible . to get rid of it all you have to give your money to the royal treasury which you can do if you are the king . if you are not there yet keep playing .
cs:s has everything you need , but tf2 is in the instructions because it has nice maps and i think some of them use the same textures . i would mount tf2 too .
well , i found the answer , and it is disappointing . basically , there are no shortcuts for the new bnw options . this is easy to check : shortcuts for brave new world are coded in \sid meier 's civilization v\assets\dlc\expansion2\gameplay\xml\units\civ5controls . xml which is exactly the same file as \sid meier 's civilization v\assets\dlc\expansion\gameplay\xml\units\civ5controls . xml which contained the shortcuts for gods and kings . maybe they will fix it in an upcoming patch , or maybe someone will figure out how to mod these shortcuts . . . but it is very frustrating for now .
tl\dr : find the config for group manager and change the name of the parent world to the name of the folder that contains your world . the config mentioned in this answer can be found in : plugins/groupmanager/config . yml so apparently if you change the name of your world manually ( it is set to ' world ' by default ) this screws up the entire permissions\group default system somewhat . any permissions and groups created by mymcadmin still work in the overworld because ( and i am assuming here a little bit ) they work in the servers overworld by default regardless of name . however in the config file there is a bit of code that tells the plugin which permissions should work in which dimension of the primary world . notice the first " world:" ? that is the ' parent ' world for the permissions and groups , and the subsequent " world_nether:" , " world_the_end:" , and " all_unnamed_worlds:" are the various named and unnamed dimensions contained within the parent world . the fact that the parent world is named world in the config is not because the coder has no imagination , its because by default game worlds and their file paths are named world . by changing my world 's name i also changed its file path , and the config could not ' find ' it to give my groups and permissions to my subsequent dimensions . after finding this config , and changing the ' parent world ' name to the name of the folder that contains my world , everything worked fine .
the hidden lair is a hidden sewer entrance between the garden and the little pond at the priory . if you have mods or modified . ini settings for lusher/longer grass , the hideout entrance may be completely covered in plants ( unlike the screenshot above ) . it may be more visible , if you look down with the 3rd person camera zoomed out directly above your head .
i would suggest streaming with the no longer free program , xsplit . it is very popular for starcraft ii , and is quite easy to use . it can stream both your game audio and your microphone . ( plus , it does not need your stereo mix ! ) you can mix together scenes which you can switch between at any time . plus , it streams straight to the website , and you do not have to have the website you are streaming to open . works well with justin . tv and ustream . com
if you are soloing you can " pause " the game by pressing esc or escape also you can press y and go in pause as well you can also use t and head back to the city ( if you are not in a boss fight/dungeon ) and return for your spot after that .
the reason is because the center tile is not placed correct . even though it looks solved the center tile actually needs to be turned 180° for it to be solved . 3 fast clicks on the center tile will solve the cipher for you .
well , not directly , so do not worry about it . the point here is that you made a choice that you will remember and notice it later on . more information with spoilers , read only after finishing the game : thanks to this choice you will almost immediately notice that the girl at the end is not elizabeth since she does not have the brooch you selected for her . it was a nice touch by the game creators .
they can be seen at your private terminal , under the squad info section .
workmen will actually put trash into the bins . contraband , is thrown on the floor by the guards , then picked up and placed into the bin by the workers . it also collects any other garbage from nearby sources , such as any food dropped on the floor by your kitchen staff . the cooks will pick up the " ingredients " and put them in a nearby bin , instead of bagging them . they really do not have much practical function , however , they do cause there to be less trash bags laying around your prison .
you can not configure mw2 to do splitscreen on pc . you may be able to run 2 instances of the game side-by-side without a vm or run the second in a virtual machine ( unlikely to provide adequate performance ) and create a lan game between them . realistically , your best bet is for one of you to use a gaming laptop with a 2nd copy of the game to play together .
you can buy one from maramal in riften . he is usually in the temple of mara , and sells it for 200 gold . he also happens to be the guy who carries out the marriage ceremony , and explains the whole process before he will sell one to you .
you can unbind a key by binding it to a different action , and then changing the key for that other action a second time . taking your case as an example , we want v to be unbound . we will start by opening up the keyboard settings and binding " toggle inventory menu " to v instead of the default i . you will see a message at the bottom of the keybindings window stating that " show player health bars is now unbound ! " now that " show player health bars " is no longer bound to v , change " toggle inventory menu " back to using i . now v is no longer bound to any diablo 3 function , and is free to use as your push-to-talk key . these steps are also useful if you find yourself accidentally pressing keys like " show/hide party " and wondering why you can not see anyone on the minimap , and want to make sure you can not accidentally turn it off in the future .
no , you can not legally lend a friend a copy . from ea 's web site : serial code registration is limited to one ea/origin account per serial code . serial code ( s ) are non-transferable once used . additionally from the full mass effect 3 eula ( emphasis mine ) : through this purchase , you are acquiring and ea grants you a personal , limited , non-exclusive license to install and use the software for your non-commercial use solely as set forth in this license and the accompanying documentation . your acquired rights are subject to your compliance with this agreement . any commercial use is prohibited . you are expressly prohibited from sub-licensing , renting , leasing or otherwise distributing the software or rights to use the software . unlike a book , you do not legally have the ability to rent or loan ( even free of charge ) the game ( even the physical copy ) to a friend . in addition , if you have a pc copy you are required to use origin , and you have to use the origin account the game is registered to . this makes it much harder to " borrow " the pc copy of the game , but technically you can not legally borrow/lend a ps3/360 version . due to certain exemptions in the first sale doctrine it does appear that ea 's eula is valid , especially for console video games .
as far as i know , there is no way to change the difficulty once you started a game .
note : this mechanism no longer works , due to water not pushing minecarts . i have filed a bug for that change in behavior : mc-665 . this design is based off of polt 's water-based splitter idea , but splits carts as fast as they can be fed and sends them on separate tracks automatically . the water flows leftward in the first picture . carts come in on the upper track at the bottom of the picture , drop through the water ( getting pushed slightly to the left ) , and hit the center lower track . if there are two carts , then they rapidly push apart and land on the center and left tracks ( and all boost away together ) . it still needs tuning ; in particular , i think more vertical distance is needed as sometimes merged carts hit the middle track together ( on the other hand , i have also seen them hit the left track together ) . but this seems like the core of an effective solution . a refinement might be using multiple water layers to steer the trajectories further .
at first , this seems pretty straightforward : petty gems hold non-humanoid mobs , below level 4 lesser gems hold non-humanoid mobs , below level 16 common gems hold non-humanoid mobs , below level 28 greater gems hold non-humanoid mobs , below level 38 grand gems hold any non-humanoid mobs , regardless of level black soul gems hold any mob—humanoid or non-humanoid—regardless of level so if you want to use your grand soul gems efficiently , you will want to reserve them for mobs level 39 or higher . but determining the mob 's level is the tricky part . you can use the console command getlevel . however , you do not have to worry too much about that , especially for soul gems . bethesda knew you would not know what level mobs are , so soul trap will automatically use the smallest possible gem you have available . so if you want to efficiently use your grand soul gems , always have a stockpile of the smaller gems handy .
according to this guide this is possible with pinnacle game profiler . i have not tested it out , so i am not sure if it works . give it a try : ) . also it would be great if you could post your results back , i think a lot of people would find it useful information in the future .
in your library list , right click on the game you wish to cancel the download for and click ' delete local content ' . this will remove the data that has already been downloaded and remove the game from the download list .
i found this : to increase the maximum movement speed on your cs source server : open a console and type " sv_maxspeed " the default value is 320 , you can change it to 500 .
no , all items will stack to either 64 , 16 or cannot stack . most items can stack up to a maximum of 64 in one slot . tools ( with the exception of clocks and compasses ) cannot be stacked . certain items , such as snowballs , buckets , eggs , signs and ender pearls are special and can only stack up to 16 . this is for vanilla minecraft ( no mods ) only ! items from mods can have any stack size .
yes , local accounts are those that exist - are/have logged in - on the same console , whether created there or elsewhere . the playstation plus subscription is tied to the sen account , but that account can specify a single ps4 console as its primary ps4 , which enables other ( non-ps+ ) accounts to access everything on the console . so any account using that console ( the one specified as the primary by at least 1 ps+ subsriber ) can enjoy the benefits of ps+ , when using that console . that includes multiplayer . i assume though that multiplayer is not available to local accounts if you are online and playing multiplayer on someone else 's console . that part is not exactly clear . but your ( non-ps+ ) family members / housemates could definitely play multiplayer on your console with only your ps+ subscription when you are not using it . this faq on playstation . com is fairly detailed : playstation 4 you can activate one ps4™ on your sony entertainment network account ( this is known as your primary ps4 ) and temporarily activate a second ps4 on your account . playstation plus benefits available to other non-subscribing users on your primary ps4: online multiplayer ( subject to any parental control settings on sub-accounts ) play downloaded games purchased with playstation plus discount play downloaded igc games playstation plus benefits not available to other users on your primary ps4: purchasing playstation plus discounted products from playstation store online game save storage auto patch download playstation plus exclusive early access to game trials playstation plus benefits available to you on a non-subscribing friend’s ps4: all of your playstation plus membership benefits are available to you when you use a friend’s ps4 . playstation plus benefits available to your non-subscribing friend when you use their ps4: play downloaded games purchased with playstation plus discount play downloaded igc games playstation plus benefits not available to your non-subscribing friend when you use their ps4: online multiplayer ( subject to any parental control settings on sub accounts ) purchasing playstation plus discounted products from playstation store online game save storage auto patch download playstation plus exclusive early access to game trials when you sign into your sony entertainment network on a friend’s ps4 the system is temporarily activated on your account . please ensure that you correctly sign-out of “psn” on your friend’s system to keep your account secure . if your “psn” account is inactive on your friend’s ps4 , the system will be deactivated automatically from your account and your friend will lose access to any of your downloaded content . this content can be deleted from their system hard drive by going to image ( settings ) > system storage management > applications . next , highlight the game to delete and press options > image ( x button ) . source : http://faq.en.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/5030
one of the benefits would be that your disc will get less wear and tear . you still need to put the disc in , but after verifying it , it should not be read again ( though that will depend on the game ) . this should minimize the danger of scratching it if the console gets knocked . there should also be less noise as it does not need to keep the optical disk spinning . you might also get faster loading times - but that would depend on the game . an obvious downside is that you are going to fill your hard drive if you do this for all your games .
it means they have information for you . if you click on them and select talk , it should provide you new options you have not seen before ( not grayed out ) .
if you are referring to zergling timings , the standards are : 6 pool is an all in play , which means that if the attack fails then you are unlikely to win the game . this attack involves creating a spawning pool with your 6th drone , giving you minimal resource production but the quickest zergling timing . usually combined with the remainder of your drones , this cheese attack is suitable for tiny maps against an inexperienced player . 10 pool involves using your 10th ( supply cap ) drone to build a spawning pool , followed by an overlord and another drone . this is a recoverable rush ( if it falls through you can recover ) and is great in small maps against opponents who do not block off their entrance ways . 13 pool is a standard build geared towards getting the queen ( and if necessary , rapid defenses ) out as quickly as possible while not sacrificing economy . the alternative to this play is the fast expand where a hatchery is made first . this build is suitable for large maps or play against an unknown opponent . the "7 pool " and "9 pool " you are referring to would probably be variations of the above , changing the balance between " more economy " and " faster rush " .
yes , the widow mine " attack " is in fact an ability . for the same reason you can storm out of a blinding cloud , a widow mine can " attack " http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=401882
the only way to get other fruits are to be given them by another player or villager . as far as i can tell there is no way to force a villager into giving you fruit as a gift , but there is a random chance they might give you one in exchange for doing a task for them . due to this the easiest and most reliable way to collect all the fruit is by trading with other players . once you do acquire the fruit you can then plant it in your own town , and it will grow into a fruit tree . fruits not native to your town will sell for more money , so they are a good way to make a bit of extra cash . only native fruit trees have a chance to grow perfect fruit though , and any perfect non-native fruit planted in your town will just grow a regular fruit true .
since your build is full damage and yasuo 's kit does not provide easy escapes ( after burning flash ) , you need at least one item that favors survival . i will name the items that favors the most for yasuo and explain why and when you must have them . guardian angel : if you are carrying the game ( meaning you are dealing most of the team 's damage and perhaps being the only hope of the game ) , with proper positioning in teamfights you can either turn the fight in your favor or save yourself , which makes this item the best option . banshee 's veil : if you are getting focused hard either by cc or very high magic damage , this one is adequate . shield denys one good large distance attempt of cc and/or damage and it is recovered after short cooldown . mercurial scimitar ( let me explain you with an example ) : say you have orianna in your side , she ults the 5 of the enemies so you can ult them during airborne , but someone cc'd you to deny that possibility : mercurial scimitar 's active removes all debuffs , so you can ult without a problem . it could also work for when you are facing one or two important threats which has one but annoying cc ( say irelia 's or vayne 's stun , fiddle 's fear ) . however it is still very situational and it is active has a large cooldown , and thus i find myself secure with the ones above , since you need to react fast .
i believe this is referring to the zero chunk , or chunk 0 , 0 . note that since the halloween update , the zero chunk can not be exploited as the most efficient spawn location , so you are better off just building a mob tower anywhere , rather than trying to find your zero chunk . minecraft forum user ruzhyo2000 posted a little tutorial on how to find your zero chunk . download cartographer . make a map of your world using cartographer . make a backup save of your world . go into your world folder ( the one that is still in the . minecraft/saves folder ) and go into folder 0 . from there , go into folder 0 again . the chunk file in this folder is for chunk 0,0 . delete it . now make a map of your world using cartographer again . the chunk that is missing is chunk 0,0 . if you have mcedit , use it to go into your world folder that has chunk 0,0 deleted . using this , you can find the exact location of the chunk 's 16x16 bounding box , down to the exact coordinates , by visiting this chunk location . you cannot do this in game because the chunk will just regenerate . you have two options . if the chunk was in the middle of nowhere ( such as the ocean ) you can outline the bounds of this chunk with cobblestone or something using mc edit and then go back into the world . when you get close enough to chunk 0,0 , it will just regenerate . however , if the chunk was over structures you placed or a mine that you wish to keep , just note where the chunk is exactly and replace your changed save with your back up . profit ! now , the second part of your question sounds like it is referring to a mob spawning tower . different from the mob spawner block you find in dungeons , a mob spawning tower is basically a really dark set of rooms that , using currents of water , funnels mobs that spawn in it into into a single stream , kills them , and brings the items somewhere . see this answer on gaming . se for more info .
a quick way to see what items you have equipped would be to set all of those items to favorites . then all of your equipped items would show in that menu . there are only these item slots : head , armor , gauntlets , boots , 1 amulet , 1 ring , two hands , 1 shout/ racial power . enchantments can vary greatly , so the item comparison only takes the base damage/ armor into consideration . you should be able to equip any item as long as you have that slot free
act ii howling plateau : - a miner 's gold - lair of the lacuni stinging winds : - the crumbling vault - the restless sands - guardian sands - the rygnar idol dahlgur oasis : - prisoners of kamyr - shrine of rakanishu - lost treasure of khan dakab
the medal 's bonuses are not retroactive and only start once the medal is awarded . the two bonuses are : +1 aim and will for each mission completed with no soldier deaths , up to a maximum of +10 . bonus is dependent upon when soldier is awarded and each mission awarded soldier participates in . if awarded soldier only participates in two missions out of x missions , the soldier will only receive +1 aim and will on the second mission . the awarded soldier must participate in eleven missions without any soldier deaths to receive maximum benefit ( +10 aim and will ) . provides 10 aim and critical chance if not within 7 tiles of an allied unit . bonus offers instant utilization without much drawback or relying on soldier mission attendance . best awarded to mec troopers , shotgun assaults or squad sight snipers as these soldiers tend to be apart from other soldiers . source
you might be interested in this site , which has scans from a gamestop exclusive strategy guide . as they are scanned from a document , i can not verify that copyright-wise it would be ok to directly link them here . if i find another source , i will try to update this answer with better images/links .
assuming by "100% unlocks " , you mean " all mutations " , no , the radnet challenges do not count for mutations . all that counts is the blacknet dossiers , lairs , blackboxes , etc .
you meet kirk up to 3 times per playthrough . 1st in the depths , then in the demon ruins , and finally in lost izalith . you need to fight him in this order otherwise he will not appear . you must be alive and have not beaten the boss of the area for him to invade . each time you fight him , there is a chance he drops either his sword or shield ( both are uncommon drops ) after you kill him the third time ( in lost izalith ) , his corpse will appear in the queelag domain ( past the bonfire where the daughter of chaos resides ) . the rest of the armor set is contains on this corpse . more info : http://darksouls.wikidot.com/armor-of-thorns http://darksouls.wikidot.com/kirk-knight-of-thorns
yes , you will : ) mods efficiency is not " faction related " , a " great " ( high level , good mods ) portal will be great for everyone .
yup , all dlc maps can be replayed as often as you like . likewise , spotpass teams may be summoned and fought as many times as desired .
willowtree# is able to convert borderlands saves between pc , ps3 and xbox 360 formats .
based on that logic , one could argue that humans and asari are related . after all , they seem very similar in physical shape ( hair excepted ) and physiological characteristics . they have the same number of digits on their hands , and identical foot and leg structure . they also both have levo-amino based bio-chemistry . the point i am trying to make is that they may appear similar , but are wholly separate races . they have different homeworlds ( palavan vs . rannoch ) , different social structures ( turian clans vs . quarian ship-based loyalties ) , wholly different immunologies ( turian carapace developed because of the radiation of palavan 's sun ; rannoch had little microbial life , so quarians had weak immune systems before their exile , which has really weakened it ) , etc . i suppose it is possible that they are both genetic experiments by the reapers , but everything bioware has done has classed them as completely and wholly separate .
eve 's death is related to whether you destroyed the data in mass effect 2 . if the data was destroyed ( or not discovered at all , via not having performed mordin 's loyalty mission in me2 at all ) , then mordin has insufficient information to keep eve alive - she succumbs to her weakened immune system . if mordin has the data from me2 , then he is able to use this data to save eve and keep her alive . incidentally , you can only successfully keep mordin alive if eve dies . if she lives , she will prevent you from successfully convincing mordin to sabotage the cure .
when you go to the club with cortez , he will mention that he is " checking out the eyecandy " . after he says this , you have two dialog options : " i am eyecandy too " or " the eyecandy on stage is good enough for me " . choosing the second one will let him know that you are not gay , without hurting his feelings , and you will stay good friends , which will allow you to pursue other interests .
while item colors in such games usually follow a similar pattern they can be quite different from game to game . torchlight 2 uses the following pattern : white ( common ) : this are standard item , usually without any special properties or bonuses . green ( enchanted ) : these items have at least one magical property/bonus . blue ( rare ) : these items usually offer more different bonuses compared to enchanted items . gold ( unique ) : unique items are fixed , premade items you can find . these will always feature the same bonuses as well as a special name . orange ( legendary ) : these items are limited to weapons/shields only and are otherwise similar to unique items ; just even more rare and powerful .
foil cards are simply cosmetic items , and do not grant any extra gameplay benefits in game .
that is the number of the item that the vendor has in stock and available to you . most vendors are randomized per/player . there is no restocking , the limited quantities only affect you , though it is possible for the randomized offerings to be similar , or even identical on a day-to-day basis . stocks from the vendors in town reset and randomize every day at midnight server time . the exception to this is the traveling merchant , basil , available on the " clockwork terminal " . these offerings are the same per party , but again , quantities exist separately for each player . there is no need to " rush " over to get the best recipes - if basil offers it to one player , he offers it to all players . the further exception is that if a player joins the party on a clockwork terminal level or the level before , the quantity of all available recipes is set to 0 . this is to prevent someone getting a potentially valuable recipe without investing any energy ( since it costs 0 energy to join on a clockwork terminal level or take the elevator down to the terminal ) into a dungeon .
as the wiki states under trivia it is just a fancy animation . the fish cannot be kept alive and there is no practical use to the live fish . when fish is on the ground , it flops around , then perishes , its eyes becoming crossed out .
fwiw , here 's the little wireless adapter that is been working for us for about a year - a little cheaper , easy to set up , no hassles . not sure i would have the patience to boot and attach the laptop every time i wanted to use the xbox .
yes , they can . here is a link to a youtube video showing it happening . this is also referenced in this wiki mobs will enter the portal ( as well as the exit portal ) similar to the player .
the forge dragon just requires a breed involving a fire dragon and a metal dragon , though you might also get a brass dragon instead . forge dragons have a breeding time of 24 hours while brass has a breeding time of 5 hours , so by the incubation time you will know which dragon you will get .
i had no trouble doing all these immediately ( beginning of chapter 3 , i believe i did it ) and in fact you can even max them all out in that chapter - unlike previous games , you can access pretty much the entire city except the very small arsenal district from the very beginning . what you might be missing , though , is that you can only have one mission at a time open . there does not appear to be any way to influence which den 's mission will come up , but when you finish one , if you have a level 10 assassin , the next one should crop up . this also goes for the level 14 missions as well - you have to take them one at a time . ( those are extra obvious because the den leader shows as on a mission in the assassin 's interface even though they are actually still there . )
as ben brocka stated in the comments , the shift codes are console specific . if you have keys for pc , they will not work on ps3 . ( and any other combination you can think of between ps3 , xbox360 , and pc ) if you have twitter , try following randy pitchford , the president of gearbox software , or directly , gearbox software as he will post on average 1 shift code a week per console for a golden key . example of shift codes posted ( retweeted ) :
diablo 3 has no concept of " in combat " . ( this is the main reason your " massacre " bonus can end while you are still fighting tooth and nail ) everything is calculated when it happens . if you have got the horsepower to swap gear between each kill , all the more power to you , but it is a lot of work for a lot of very minor gain . unlike switching skills , there appears to be no penalty to switching equipment . in the discussion leading to patch 1.0.4 , blizzard asked for solutions to magic find gear swapping . some of their own suggestions included penalties for said gear swapping . in the end , they did not change the way gear swapping works . they simply added a 300% mf/gf cap .
the challenges on the custom class screen are generally related to some part of your custom classes . i believe the ones on the multiplayer lobby are similar . i believe they are selected based on what challenges you are close to completing - sort of a quick , heads up progress indication or hit list of challenges . as you move through the custom class interface , it will show you challenges related to the slot you are selecting . for instance , it will show slot 1 perk challenges when you are highlighting the slot 1 perk . these change based on what you currently have in a weapon or perk slot .
spells that do not mention "% of weapon dps " do not depend on the damage of your weapon , as per description . hailstorm 's damage is dependent on the player level , as per description ; levelling up the spell increases its mana cost and decreases its cooldown ( as well as the milestone bonuses ) . additionally , any gear that has the ' increase ice damage by x%' or the ' increase all damage by x%' enchantment also increases hailstorm 's damage .
the following items may be required to set the bone : traction bench , splints , plaster powder , bucket , cloth , water source . make sure all of these are available . if you have all the materials you should need and still nothing is happening , you could also try dismantling his bed , as this can cause the patient to leave the hospital and restart the healing process . reinjury can also cause a re-diagnosis and treatment .
if you see portal keys ( 2 ) , that means that you have two of the same portal key , not two different ones . keys for each portal appear as separate items .
renovating faction buildings are not too rewarding imho . sure they give you income and make faction members available in the district , but in my personal experience , i never needed a faction 's help except in the forced missions . there is no real disadvantage to it other than a loss of some coin ( but that is a given ) and you can only have a single faction in the district at a time . but then again , i do not feel you really need their help . you can however always change factions after renovating for another . you will just have to pay for the renovation again for the next faction .
here are the rules that decide what spawn locations appear in the deployment list : you can always spawn at your faction 's warpgate . you can spawn at any sunderers within 1000m . if your faction controls the outpost in the area where you died , you can spawn there . if your faction controls any neighbouring outposts , you can spawn there . ( on lattice-based continents , " neighbouring " uses lattice links . on hex-based continents , this uses map hexes . ) you always have access to the nearest major facility your faction controls . ( "nearest " is determined using either lattice links or map hexes , depending on what continent you are on . ) finally , the top three instant action locations are added to the " reinforcements needed " list . the algorithm that determines these spawns is not entirely clear , but it tries to select outposts with active fights where your faction is at a slight disadvantage . ( what constitutes an " active fight " and a " slight disadvantage " is frequently tweaked from patch to patch . ) if you are in a squad , the friendly facility closest to your squad leader and any squad beacons are added to the " squad spawns " list . so , to explain the screenshot you posted , where you started at the vs warpgate : you can spawn at your own warpgate , because that is where you already are . you can spawn at any of the three outposts connected to your warpgate . you can spawn at peris amp station , because it is the closest major facility . reinforcements are needed at ti alloys , the crown , and zurvan amp station , so you can spawn there .
i just tested this on my iphone and i do not think this is true . i know the game has some anti-cheating features in it , but i set my phone to airplane mode , launched the game , closed the game , changed the time on my phone from today ( 1/20/2014 ) to a future date ( 2/15/15 ) and then relaunched the game . i was awarded coins for all of the products that have sold in the simulated 391 days , but i did not lose any bitizens for the simulated inactivity . this would make me believe that there is no penalty for being inactive .
this code is for the original version of wolfenstein only and can be enabled at any time during the game by holding ' back ' and pressing a , y , a , y . if entered correctly you will go right to the end level status screen .
bashiok is a rare fallen shaman mob who can be randomly found ( or not found ) in dalghur oasis and the unique title : " death is not the end " . if you are not satisfied after killing him in game , you can also hunt him down on twitter .
follow the steps from nintendo 's helpful topic : be aware that it does not copy the data : \u2022The Save Data Transfer Tool is used to transfer save data; it does not copy save data. Once transferred, the original save data is deleted. 
as it turns out , i am not supposed to upgrade the building . i am supposed to purchase amenities for the palace . any building with extra amenities has icons in its manage panel that can be found on the bottom of the box : simply clicking the icon purchases the upgrade , provided you meet the requirements and have the cash .
yes you get the reward if you leave the selection screen before picking the card as stated in this steam community post : http://steamcommunity.com/app/218620/discussions/0/864978835547337363/#p1 you actually are [ simply given a random reward ] . this has been tested and proven several times over . when you get to the card-picking screen , your reward is already chosen and awarded to you before you even turn a card . when you get to the card screen , you can leave the game without picking a card , and you will still have the pre-determined reward in your inventory . also answers the related question .
starcraft 2 does indeed require a subscription . . . in russia . the pricing for starcraft 2 changes from region to region and one of the differences between here and moscow is that there you pay a subscription for starcraft 2 . its important to note that you can still buy a full eu edition ( in russia ) without a subscription and get along just fine . you are not forced to pay subscription .
the comparison tooltips only know base stats and do not consider reforging changes . the guardian serpent gloves do have +532 spirit , prior to being reforged ( spirit -> crit ) . enchants , gems , socket bonuses and set bonuses are also not considered by the comparison tooltips .
